
--- Page 1 ---

--- Page 2 ---
670
while being filmed.   Also, Jenny was worried about the anxiety this might cause Megan.   
It all worked out well as they were individually interviewed by Janet 1-on-1.  Janet was 
terrific.  
I am starting to collect Cacti in my home office. 
Dec. 30, 2019 – Over the years I have helped Dionne Warwick to find physicians for 
herself and her colleagues.   I have done this sometimes through as intermediary, Guy 
Draper, who is well-known sould song wsriter and agent for many groups.   Guy 
called me up today and asked for a referral for a peripheral vascular physician at Hopkins 
for one of Dionne’s friends.   I recommended in Medicine Dr. Elizabeth Virginia 
Ratchford and in Surgery Dr. James Hamilton Black.   Also, Guy wanted me to put on 
my calendar for June 13, 2020 a ceremony at Bowie State University where they are 
dedicating a building to Dionne.   They want me there as their guest.
Also, Jon laPook was interviewed on CBS Morning News and mentioned me several 
times since he e-mail me over the weekend to prep him for his interview on Universal Flu 
vaccine and HIV vaccines.
Jan. 2, 2020 – Met in my office with Dr. Olivier Tshiani who was and is a main player 
in our PALM trial in DRC.   Also present were Cliff lane, Rick Davey and Lori Dodd.  
Olivier was right there on site when the Mai Mai burned the ETUs at Katwa and 
Butembo and his car was stoned as he was travelling at night from the ETU to his 
compound where he was living in Butembo.   He related stories of the very difficult 
security issues while doing the PALM study.   He is a real hero.   He had also previously 
spent 5 years in Nancy Sullivan’s lab. Here at VRC.
Did TV interview with Cox TV this year’s influenza situation.   Interviewed by 
Samantha Manning
Jan. 3, 2020 – Influenza is heavy in the media.   Did an interview with Elizabeth Cohen 
of CNN for her Blog.   Also, did a live radio interview with John Catsimatidis for his 
“Cats Roundtable” from NYC.
Also, yesterday the US via a precise drone strike in Iraq outside of Baghdad airport 
killed the leader of the Iranian Quds Force General Quassim Souleimani.   There has 
been over the past few days attacks on the US Embassy by Iranian backed Iraqi militia as 
a result of the fact that the US armed forces attacked and killed 25 Iranian backed Iraqi 
militia who had killed a USA contractor and wounded several USA soldiers in Iraq.  This 
will certainly lead to major escalation of tension and even retaliation from Iran.
Also 44 unusual cases of pneumonia in Wuhan, China opver the past couple of days.   
Etiology still unknown.   Said to be a “viral pneumonia’ of unknown etiology.   Flu ruled 
out.   Cases linked to a seafood market.  No human-to-human transmission documented at 
this time.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 3 ---
671
Jan. 6, 2020 – Chris and I went to a book party for our friend Ruth Marcus 
(Washington Post columnist), fo her book “Supreme Ambition” about Justice Brett 
Kavanaugh.   Party at the home of David and Katherine Bradley at 2211 30th Street, NW.   
Elegant home.   Super A list at party: Senator Mark Warner, Kellyanne Conway, Andrea 
Mitchell, David Ignatius, David Frum, Zeke Emanuel, etc., etc.  Rafe Sagalyn is Ruth’s 
agent and was there.   Also, ran into Sylvia Burwell.   Really great to see her. Realized 
how much I miss working with her.  Nice evening. 
Jan. 7, 2020 -   Just because of the sudden preduction of 1-3 inches of snow, OPM shut 
down the USG at 1:00 PM and everyone rushed to get off campus at the same time that 
Walter Reed personnel are trying to leave.   This has created a total nightmare traffic jam 
on campus.   It is taking almost 1 hour to get off campus from time you get in your car.
Did TV interview with Canadian TV (CTV) on the viral outbreak in Wuhan, China.  
Did interview (print) with HealthDay on the influenza season  
Jan. 10, 2020  (Friday)– Infleunza is hot and heavy.   Vaccine match is OK for H1N1, 
but not so good for B and H3N2.   Did WUSA local TV on flu as well as interview with 
Elizabeth Cohen of CNN that went on her blog with multiple references to our 
conversation.
Appeared on Voice of America to discuss the new Wuhan virus documented to be a 
novel coronavirus.  Interesting that ovewr the past several years we have had 3 emerging 
novel coronaviruses that have caused serious disease in humans: SARS, MERS, and now 
the Wuhan virus.
 
Chinese publish sequence of the virus on public data base
Jan. 11, 2020 (Saturday) – Barney Graham ordersd the constructs using credit 
cards.
Jan. 13, 2020 – Went to a function at the National Cathedral where David Rubenstein 
was interview in the naïve (similar to my interview a few years ago) by the Dean of the 
Cathedral in association with David’s book – “The American Story”.  David was his 
usual hilarious self.
Jan. 14, 2020 –  Barney Graham’s team starts work on GMP vaccine in 
collaboration with Moderna
 Did taped interview for the Islam Radio Breakfast Show about anti-vaxx movement.   
Very good interview.
Also, did another interview with Eileen Reilly of Axios
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 4 ---
672
Apparently, CDC is upset because I am saying that this is on a course to be as bad a year 
as 2017-2018 and 2014-2015.  In fact, the flu infection “numbers” are exactly on tract 
with those years.   However, there are less total deaths and hospitalizations.   This is due 
to the fact that Influenza B has predominated early that this hits kids more severely.  
Since the elderly account for most of the deaths and hospitalizations, the total of these are 
down; however for this time compared to other years, the number of pediatric deaths is 
way up.   And so it depends what you mean by a ‘bad’ season.  I say it is a bad season 
and CDC says no. There was a discussion between Azar and Nancy Messonnier of CDC 
about this and about my statements, but no one thought of getting me on the conference 
call.   Not good.   Typical CDC!
Jan. 15, 2020 -  Did interview on WTOP Radio on the number of pediatric flu deaths.   
I explained the issue of predominance of Influenza B and children and the poor match of 
the vaccine to circulating virus with Influenza B Victoria.
Jan. 16, 2020 – The situation in Wuhan, China continues.   Now have 2 deaths and 2 
cases in Thailand and 1 in Japan.   Was in on a PCC meeting via the NIH SCIF with the 
NSC chaired by Anthony Ruggiero.  CDC and DHS have decided to do entry screening at 
3 USA airport in people coming directly and indirectly from Wuhan: Kennedy in NYC, 
LAX, and SFO.   Tomorrow night at 10:00 PM a 747 from Wuhan will arrive at Kennedy 
and will be the first to get screened.
nCoV_PCC_SOC_FIN
AL.docx
I appeared this evening on a PBS NewsHour segment on Ebola with considerable 
exposure in the piece.
Jan. 17, 2020 – appeared on radio with NPR “Here and Now” on the pediatric 
Influenza B situation.   Influenza B predominating yet the Victoria B in the vaccine is 
only a 58% match and so children are getting a double whammy with B 
predominating early in the year and continuing and the vaccine is not well matched.   In 
this regard, there are more pediatric deaths (39) thus far at this point in the season 
compared to most other years.   The infection slope is high for all infections yet the total 
deaths and hospitalization are not that high, likely because there is little H3N2 and that is 
the virus that affects the elderly the most and the elderly accound for most of the 
hospitalizations and deaths.
Jennifer Ashton of ABC World News Tonight called me in a panic about 15 minutes 
before she is to go on the air about the Wuhan virus (2019nCoV).   She wanted to get my 
take on the airport screening and the potential seriousness of the situation.   I emphasized 
that we need to take this seriously and the airport screening is entirely appropriate.
We are now doing entry screening at JFK, LAX and SFO of flights from Wuhan.   There 
are a couple of direct flights per week from Wuhan to JFK and SFO
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 5 ---
673
Jan. 18, 2020 – Situation starting toheaten up re: 2019nCoV.  There are now 17 more 
cases in Wuhan and the LSTMH has estimated that there may actually be several 
hundreds of cases that have not yet been recognized.   It is starting to look like there is 
some low grade close contact transmission person to person.   I appeared on CNN 
Newsroom with Fredricka Whitfield to discuss the 2019 nCoV situation and the recent 
screening at 3 airports.
Jan. 19, 2020 – Things evolving rapidly with the 2019 nCoV.   Now there are 198 
confirmed cases, all in China except for 2 in Thailand and 1 in Japan.  Cases now in 
Guangdong Province with suspected cases in Beijing and Shanghai.  
Did TV interview (pre-taped) for CNN International at 10:00 PM to be shown 
internationally through the night and tomorrow,
Jan. 20, 2020 – Now there are >220 cases of n-CoV with a travel case in South Korea 
and 14 transmissions to health care providers.  Clearly, this is a rapidly expanding 
situation with no question about person-to-person transmission.
Did print interview for Caixin Media Company, which is the most influential political 
and business news organization in China.
Also did interview for CBS Evening News and for FOX 5 Local TV
Also, conversation with Elizabeth Cohen of CNN.  Problem with her is that she tends to 
dramatize things, which can get me in trouble not matter how many caveats I give her.
Jan. 21, 2020 – n-CoV situation continues to evolve.   Now 298 cases with 6 deaths.  
Very fluid.
Did ointerview with Eileen O’Reilly for Axios
Interview with Chinese Radio Free Asia
CDC announced today that the first case of n-CoV has been identified in Seattle.   A 
35 year old otherwise healthy Chinese man visited Wuhan, came to USA on January 15 
(before airport screening), developed sxs on Jan. 16, tested on Jan. 19, test sent to CDC 
and positive on Jan. 20.   He walked into a clinical with fever and respiratory sxs and was 
smart enough to mention that he just came from Wuhan.
Other press today – VOA News; WSJ with Betsy MacKay; WCBS Radio; TV 
NewsMAX; TV FOX Business with Lou Dodd; Biocentury with Steve Usdin; 
Bloomberg Law with Jeannie Baumann; Washington Times; Time Magazine (Alice 
Park)
We are having daily PCCs with Anthony Ruggierro.   He is his usual prickly self.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 6 ---
674
Jan. 22, 2020 – Now 400 cases and 9 deaths.  Chicago ORD and Atl airports added to 
entry screening with JFK, LAX, and SFO.   Soon to funnel all flights with people from 
Wuhan (indirect) through these 5 airports.
Another PCC with Anthony being hostile that the orgs (CDC, DHS, CBP) have not 
worked out how to get 100% of people coming from Wuhan screened.  We are in Phase 1 
(Screening at JFK, LAX, SFO).   We are almost fully ready for Phase 2 (add ORD and 
ATL).  Phase 3 is to funnel people who originate at Wuhan and want to go to USA 
through one of the 5 airports.  Phase 4 is to screen individuals coming from many cities in 
China.   Big argument between CDC (Redfield) and CBP/DHS regarding have 5 versus 
12 USA airports do the screening.   Marty Cetron was trying to explain how difficult 
doing 12 USA airports would be since CDC does not have staff in a few of these cities.
To complicate it all, while we were in the PCC, China announced that it is cutting off all 
public transportation  (air, ferries, train, buses, out of Wuhan City)  Essentially a 
quarantine of the entire city of 11 million people except for absolute emergencies.   This 
complicates the USA airport screening strategy since people will not be able to get out of 
Wuhan and to the USA easily. May try other means.   Some confusion about what the 
best way to prevent establishment of infection in the USA.   Anthony (with his attitude) is 
making matters worse.   
Phase I—Current Posture
• Description: Foreign nationals who have been in China within 14 days prior to their 
actual or attempted entry into the United States are ineligible for admission under 
Section 212 (f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA).  Departments and 
agencies may exercise certain exemptions.  Any person, but specifically U.S. 
citizens and legal permanent residents (LPRs) who have been: (1) in Hubei 
province within the past 14 days may be subject to 14 day mandatory quarantine; 
and (2) in China (outside Hubei province) within the past 14 days may be subject 
to screening and self-isolation for 14 days.  All direct and indirect flights from 
China are funneled to 11 airports with enhanced CDC medical screening.  CDC is 
coordinating with state and local health care clinicians to identify domestic cases, 
isolate cases, and conduct appropriate contact tracing.
o Triggers: Already being implemented.
• Objectives: (1) Contain the outbreak at its source, (2) minimize domestic 
importation of additional cases, (3) limit potential for domestic epidemic, and (4) 
prepare the domestic response mechanisms.
• Messaging: Daily HHS and CDC briefings and on camera task force briefings as 
appropriate.
On the interview below (FOX Business with David Asman) one of the panel asked me to 
comment of a clip he played where Trump said that everything is under control.   Xi 
Jinping told him everything is under control.   I had to answer that we are taking this very 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 7 ---
675
seriously and that Americans should not be frightened or worry, but we are taking it 
seriously.   Let us see if this pits me against the POTUS.
552 cases – 17 Deaths   Cases now in Hong Kong and Macao
WTOP Radio on Seattle case;  The Morning Goods (local radio talk show); TRT 
World Turkish TV; Reuters TV; Fox Business (Cavuto); Bloomberg print; FOX 
Business with David Asman; Italian TV (Mediaset);  Taped CNN in the VRC 
talking about the vaccine; Hong Kong Phoenix TV; Univision TV (Spanish-
American TV); Bloomberg TV Asia; 24 NEWS Israeli TV over the phone
Jan. 23, 2020 – China shuts down public transportation in 3 additional smaller cities – 
Huanggang, Ezhou and Chibi.  
After 2nd Advisory Committee meeting WHO still does not declare PHEIC.   Very 
controversial decision.   They are getting some criticism about this.   On several of the 
media that I did (see below) I was asked my opinion of this.   I said I did not want to 
outguess the WHO and demurred.
Press still heavy.   Did FOX Business TV (Varney and Company); FOX News 
(Sandra Smith); CBS Radio;Shanghai Media TV via Skype; Politico (Sarah 
Owermohle); Shanghai Media TV; Science News print; CNN Newsroom (clip shown 
by Sanjay Gupta); FOX News Rundown (Radio); COX Media TV; John 
Catsimatidis Radio Show – Cats Roundtable; CNBC Asia Squawk Box; BBC radio; 
FOX Business News (Lou Dobbs);Canadian Broadcasting System (Kelly Crowe).
Jan. 24, 2020 – More cities shut down by the Chinese.   Now >800 cases and 26 deaths.  
State Department issued Level 4 (no travel at all) for Wuhan.
Had meeting at EEOB381 (Anthony’s office) to discuss the evolving siautaion with 
2019-nCoV.  Derek Kan (Deputy Director, OMB) was there with other OMB folks to 
determine what the budgetary needs would be for our response.   I will put together some 
budget numbers.  I was supposed to be on this coming weekend (it is now Friday) This 
Week With George Stephanopoulos and Face the Nation; however, these were bumped 
because of impeachment trial that is onging.   
Call from Lena Sun (Washington Post) trying to verify (I said I knew nothing of this) 
that people in the USG were saying that the Chinese got to Tedros to convince him not to 
declare a PHEIC since it would harm their reputation.   I told her that was nonsense and I 
probably stopped her from writing the story.   She said since I am in all the important 
meetings that I would know.
CNBC Squawk Box; CBS Radio New York;  Massive press interactions prior to and 
after my briefing of the Senators;  Clip of me on CBS This Morning from the 
briefing
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 8 ---
676
Jan. 25, 2020 – now more than1400 cases and 42 deaths.   President Xi Jinping 
essentially sutting down the entire country.   Schools closing in Beijing.   Suspicion that 
the Chinese are telling us everything that is going on in China.   Why are the Chinese 
reacting so dramatically by essentially shutting down the entire country?
State Department evacuating all USA personnel from consulate in WUHAN
New York Times interview; CNN International
Jan. 26, 2020 – GAME ON!!!   Things are changing rapidly.  Dr. Ma Xiaowei, the 
Chinese Minister of Health gave a press statement saying that the incubationperiod of 
nCoV is 1 to 14 days and that the virus is being transmitted when people are 
asymptomatic!   This has enormous implications for how we handle people from Wuhan 
(like our diplomats who are now on the way back from WUHAN, having been ordered to 
evaculate).   Should we quarantine them.   I am very skeptical about the Chinese 
interprepation of their data.  I spoke with Mike Ryan (WHO) from Geneva and he and 
Tedros are going to Wuhan soon.   Mike is very skeptical that aymptomatic spread is 
present or at worst is a major driver of spread.   Mike Osterholm also feels this way.  
    I spoke with Nancy Messonnier and Bob Redfield this AM to coordinate our 
responses.   Bob and I feel (and I told Elizabeth Cohen this) that we should be allowed to 
send our CDC epidemiologists to China to work with them so that we see the data first 
hand since we will base important response activities and strategies based on whether this 
is true.   It would require our quarantining for a period of time even asymptomatic people 
who arrive from Wuhan.
It now appears using epi data and genomic data that the first infection was in early 
December and was not connected to the market.   The infections spread among people 
weeks before the Chinese reported that they were dealing with a new infection and that 
gave the virus time to establish itself in multigenerational (sustained) spread.   
Remember, early on the Chinese were saying that there is no human to human 
transmission and all the original 27 cases were from the market.   Now we know the 
market was not the source, it was the amplifier.   Having said that, somewhere the virus 
jumped from animals to humans.
There is complete chaos in China now with president Xi Jinping declaring an emergency 
situation.   The Chinese are building within days 1000 and 1300 bed hospitals and flying 
in hundreds of medical personnel from military.  They have shut down travel within most 
of the country and have called off many Lunar New Year events.   Schools closed at least 
until mid-February.   Running out of supplies such as PPE.
Had 8:00 PM call with Anthony Ruggiero, Phil Ferro, and Bob Redfield about the 
evolving situation.  The deputiers and White House are pushing to close the borders for 
any traffic from China.   Bob and I are against that.   Anthony said that he heard that I wa 
in favor of that.   Will have 11:00 AM meeting tomorrow from SCIF with Deputy 
National Security Advisor Matthew Pottinger regarding possibly closing borders from 
China entry.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 9 ---
677
CNN phone interview with Elizabeth Cohen; CBC Canadian TV; CNN with 
Fredricka Whitfield (cancelled because of tragic accidental death of Kob Bryant in 
helicopter crash in LA); NewsHour from UK
Jan. 27, 2020 – Packed day today.  Council and multiple important non-corona-virus 
meetings.
Busy day – two meeting with White House via SCIF.   First at 11:00 AM led by Deputy 
Director NSC Matt Pottinger who still wants to stop all incoming from China.   Bob 
Redfield, Phil Ferro, Mart Cetron, Peter Marks etc.
Second White House meeting via SCIF was on same subject withMick Mulvaney 
Chairing and visit to meeting by VP Pence. Still discussing the pros and cons of shutting 
off China.   I tried to squeeze in my opinion, but it was touch since I was remote.   I 
briefed Azar beforehand by phone as to the down side (historically) in shutting out a 
country.  Also at the meeting were Joe Grogan, Matt Pottinger, Alex Azar, DHS
Multiple print media including Washington Post,  Maggie Fox, Los Angeles; NPR 
Morning Edition with Rachel Martin; WTOP radio; John LaPook with CBS – 
taped interview to run with face to face interview tomorrow with Norah O’Donnell; 
VOA; CNN International; Bret Baier FOX; WTOP again; Sean Hannity (FOX);  
Jan. 28, 2019 – Big day at White House.   Major discussions at Deputies on how to 
handle the 200 US Citizens (diplomats and families and  others) who are being air-
evaculted form Wuhan.   They are on a plane from China to Alaska to California.  
Concern about whethernor not to quarantine them for 14 days when we did not and do 
not quarantine Chinese who pass screening on entry.   Marty Cetron had argued that the 
American were very recently in the “hot zone” whereas the chines who are coming in 
now are not really coming from Wuhan since Wuhan has been shut down by the Chinese.  
Also, political concern of what it looks like to quarantine or “imprision” US citizen 
versus what happens if we let them in and they start infecting people.   Finally decide to 
do a sft verion of bringin them in to a military airbase – the March Air reserve Base in 
Riverside County. CA, and consider them all not a low risk.   They are either medium or 
high risk based on their exposure.   They all will be tested (nasal swab PCR) and detained 
at the base for up to 72 hours until the tests come back and then released.   The “high” 
risk people majr get more intense investigation Discussed for hours in the Situation 
Room.  The meeting was chaired by Mick Mulvaney and most Deputies were present 
together with Matt Pottinger, Kellyanne Conway, Ken Cucinelli, Dr. Navarro, Biegun, 
Blair, Eisenberg, Szabat, Lidell, Foret (CBP)John Wilson, John Mark (?).
Chinese scientists are saying that the epidemic is much worse than is being reported.   Dr. 
Yuan say that 50% of the infections are asymptomatic.   However, this is confusing 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 10 ---
678
people since he does not say what percent of these are spreading while asymptomatic.   A 
lot of confusion and misinformation while the outbreak accelerates.
Azar wanted the POTUS to be briefed by me in the Oval office after the Sit Room, but a 
fluke prevented this.   Brian Harrison called me into a side room for a few questions and 
Azar was looking for me and could not find me and so he and Redfield went to the Oval 
without me.   Innocent screwup.
Press conference with Azar – multiple media reporting with several clips of me; Lou 
Dobbs FOX; Marc Siegal FOX; CBS This Morning;
Jan. 29, 2020 -  Got a call this AM from Lou Dobbs who told me that President Trump 
will be calling me.  Lou spoke with the POTUS andf told him that I was the “smartest 
person” around  and he should speak with me.
Amazing day today!  
Bob Kadlec, Bob Redfield, Karin King (State), Ken Cuccinelli (DHS), Jonathan Fritz 
(State) briefed the House members led by Nancy Pelosi who was her usual self with me 
(big hug, kiss and telling everyone how great I am -  little embarrassing.   Diane DeGette 
did the same thing.
At the Deputies Meeting in the Situation Room (4:00 to 5:15 PM) – big surprise.   Mick 
Mulvaney led the meeting and after about 1 hour the President came in and the first 
thing he said as he looked at me was: “Anthony, you are really a famous guy.   My good 
friend Lou Dobbs (see above) told me that you were the one of the smartest, 
knowledgeable and outstanding persons he knows.   He then stayed for 20 minutes and 
asked most of his questions of me.  I was surprised and very pleased and the Deputies 
were clearly stunned and impressed.   When Trump finally left, he said: “Anthony, are we 
OK?”   I said: “We are good”.   He smiled and as he walked out of the room, he said 
“Thanks, again, Anthony.   We are counting on you”. 
The arrival of the US passengers at March base was a total success.  They arrived on a 
Kalitta Air Boeing 747.(NPR)   The passenegers were extatic to be home.   The real issue 
now is how do we get out the 200,000 US citizens who are in China if they want to leave.   
It will be a logistical challenge.
Cases 7700 with 170 deaths
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 11 ---
679
Clips of HHS press conference showing on different TV networks; NPR “On Point”;
Jan. 30, 2020 – Another amazing and difficult day.  Briefed the House Energy and 
Commerce Committee members in Rayburn 2123.   All my friends kept saying I was a 
national hero and they “….felt safe in my arms (Eschoo)”.   Testifying with me were Bob 
redfield, Bob Kadlec and denise Hinton (FDA).
The chaos:   We had 2 PCCS led by Ruggiero and one Deputies lead by Mick Mulvaney 
with the usal cast of characters.   Case in point.  Mart Cetron who was listening in on the 
WHO call said that the epidemic was accelerating that this is was clear that the 
incubation period was shorter (2-5 days than was previously felt and that asymptomatic 
transmission was occurring.   Thus, it was agreed to present to the POTUS a revised plan 
for containment:   The 200 people at March Base would be quarantines for 15 days.   
Anyone coming in from Wuhan would be quarantined for 15 days.   Anyone from any 
part of China would be voluntarily isolated for 15 days with monitoring by public health 
officials (State/Local).      Azar would declare a Public Health Emergency and the State 
Department level alert would be level 4.
The number of cases today are: 9480 with 213 deaths.   It is increasing by about 25% per 
day.   In 1 month it has surpassed SARS for 1 year (8000).
WHO Declares a PHEIC
Politico (Dan Diamond) is coming out with an article bashing badly Azar.   HHS COMS 
had me speak to Dan and I greatly praised Azar.
The POTUS announced the Coronavirus Task Force today (see below):
Members of the President’s Coronavirus Task Force:
Secretary Alex Azar, Department of Health and Human Services
Robert O’Brien, Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs
Dr. Robert Redfield, Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
at the National Institutes of Health
Deputy Secretary Stephen Biegun, Department of State
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 12 ---
680
Ken Cuccinelli, Acting Deputy Secretary, Department of Homeland Security
Joel Szabat, Acting Under Secretary for Policy, Department of Transportation
Matthew Pottinger, Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor
Rob Blair, Assistant to the President and Senior Advisor to the Chief of Staff
Joseph Grogan, Assistant to the President and Director of the Domestic Policy Council
Christopher Liddell, Assistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff for Policy 
Coordination
Derek Kan, Executive Associate Director, Office of Management and Budget
PRESS: FOX – “Fox and Friends”; ABC TV local; NBC TV local; PBS NewsHour; 
WTOP radio X2
Jan. 31, 2020 – Another truly amazing day.   Sequested in the White House essentially 
all day working out a proposal to put before the POTUS that would restrict travel from 
China.  The proposal was driven largely by CDC (Marty Cetron) who felt that given the 
volume of people coning in from China by direct and even more importantly indirect 
flights it would be logistically impossible to effectively screen people at many, many 
airports and the diversion of people from their place of origin to selective airports would 
further complicate things.   Also, the cases continue to sharply rise with 12000 cases and 
259 deaths.   Also, a NEJM report from Germany indicated that a Chinese woman came 
from Shanghai visited a colleague in Stockdorf Bavaria.  She infected him when she had 
no sxs, returned to China and got sik on the plane.  The german man then got sick and 
infected 2 other Germans.   This would have bn the first truly documented case of 
transmission from an asymptomatic person, thus, adding to the concern about the 
accuracy of screening at airports.  In addition, the WHO declared a PHEIC yesterday 
prompting Azar to declare a Public Health Emergency here in the USA.   I disagreed with 
the latter since there were only 7 infections (6 travel) at the time.   All this led to the 
conclusion of travel restriction.   This was late in the afternoon  - around 1:30-2:00 PM.   
The entire task force (above) plus Kellyanne Conway, Jessica Zitto (WH Coms) and a 
variety oof senior WH officials gatherd in the Roosevelt Room to hammer out how we 
would present this to the POTUS.   The policy decision was:  1) Ban travel to the USA of 
all non-citizens who have been to China within the past 14 days.   If you were in China, 
you need to go somewhere else (Paris, UK, etc.) until 14 days pass from the time you 
were in China. 2) If you are a citizen and were in the Hubei Province (includes Wuhan) 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 13 ---
681
and you return to USA, you are institutionally quarantined for 14 days. 3) If you come 
from any other part of China other than Hubei, you have voluntary isolation for 14 days.
We wanted to present this to the POTUS befor the Stock Market closed so that we do not 
look like we held off to avoid bad effects.   We went into the Oval Office at about 3:00 
PM.   We had been scheduled to go in at 2:30 PM but things backed up.  Presentation was 
made to the POTUS by Azar, Bob Redfield and me.   Trump as he did a couple of ddays 
ago posed many questions to me making sure that I thought it was a good idea.   I said 
this was an imperfect process, but the best choice we have right now.   He questioned me 
about what the difference was between this and flu.   He somewhat brashly suggested 
even more stringent restrictions and was dyswaded by Kellyanne.   She clearly has 
influence over the POTUS.
Potus agreed and we immediately went out to the WH Press Briefing room that was 
packed.   Azar led the presentation, but many questions were ansered by me.   Interesting 
that impeachment was going on and the senate did not get the 4 GOP votes to allow 
witnesses to be called.   This also dominated the news.   We thought this would get us on 
the Sunday Talk Shows, but impeachment bumped us.  White House is now fully 
convinced that I be the science/health spokesperson for the USG.   Bob Redfield just does 
not come across very weel.   He takes forever to say something and it is usually 
wondering.   This drives the WH and HHS comms people crazy and so they are putting 
me out on all the requests.
When I got back to my office, got call from Jeremy Farrar who sounded very concerned 
and conferenced me in with Kristian Anderson, an evolutionary biologist from Scripps.  
They had also been talking with Eddie Holmes, another evolutionary biologistfrom 
Sidney Australia.   There have been conspiracy theories that the virus was given GOF by 
inserted mutations and deliberately or accidentally released in Wuhan.   One theory was 
written by Indian investigators that HIV sequences were inserted by a Chinese person in 
Canada and released in Wuhan.   Everyone thinks that is crazy, but the Farrar phone call 
was different.   The people on the phone felt that the mutations around the furine 
cleavage site of the spike protein could not have occurred naturally since it would require 
an evolutionary “jump that they found nowhere in bat isolates.   They bring up the 
possibility that this could have been deliberately inserted and either accidentally released 
or deliberately released by a crazy person in the lab, the former being the most likely.   
Jeremy was calling me for advice.   I suggest that we get a larger group of qualified 
evolutionary biologists/virologists together under the auspices of a convening body and 
carefully look at this.  We agreed to convene by phone the next day.   I called Brian 
Harrison and Garrett Grigsby who arranged for a call with Azar to decide what to do.   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 14 ---
682
Azar did not like the idea of WHO as convener because he feels (somewhat unfairly, I 
believe) that Tedros would immediately tell the Chinese and they would crush the 
attempt and/or think we are attacking them.   We decided to have a 2-pronged approach 
strongly suggested by Kadlec who felt we had security responsibilities to investigate this 
ourselves.  He would do this through OSTP and NAS.   Meanwhile I would pursue a 
multinational approach with Jeremy.   I decided to now bring in Francis.
PRESS: The Today Show NBC; Lou Dobbs Fox; many print
Feb. 1, 2020 -  Conference call at 2:00 PM with Jeremy, Francis and several other 
scientists gathered by Jeremy (see below).
Participants in the Feb., 2020 call included:
• Francis Collins, Director of the U.S. National Institutes of Health, U.S.;
• Anthony Fauci, Director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases, U.S.;
• Jeremy Farrar, Director of the Wellcome Trust;
• Patrick Vallance, U.K. Chief Scientific Adviser and Head of the Government 
Science and Engineering; 
• Kristian Anderson, Director of Infectious Disease Genomics, Scripps Research 
Translational Institute, CA, U.S.; 
• Christian Drosten, Director of Human Virology at the German Center for 
Infection Research at Charité – Universitätsmedizin, Germany; 
• Edward Holmes, Professor of Viral Evolution at University of Sydney;  
• Andrew Rambaut, Professor of Molecular Evolution, University of Edinburgh’s 
Institute of Evolutionary Biology, U.K.; 
• Ron Fouchier, Deputy Head of Department of Viroscience, Erasmus Medical 
Center, NL; 
• Robert Garry, Professor of Virology, Tulane University School of Medicine, 
Louisana, U.S. ;  
• Mike Ferguson, Professor of Life Sciences at University of Dundee, U.K.; and
• M.P.G. Koopmans, Head of Department of ViroScience, Erasmus Medical 
Center, NL.
There was not total agreement about the likelihood of deliberate insertion.   Ron Fouchier 
said he was sure that this could occur naturally and we should not waste our time and 
divert effort to pursue this.   This is expected of him since he was the original GOF 
person with Yoshi Kawaoka.   Also, Christian Drosten was with Ron; the rest felt that 
deliberate insertion was possible and given the fact that Dr. Zheng-Li Shi  at the 
University of Wuhan has been working for years in GOF in coronaviruses to allow 
adaptation of the spike protein to bind to the human ACE2 receptor, we could not let this 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 15 ---
683
go.  We decided to have Jeremy with Francis to contact Tedros with Stewart Simonson’s 
help (I arranged this) to see if Tedros would convene experts.
Meanwhile, the DHS and DOT and FAA are working hard on the logistics of diverting 
plans to selected airports that are associated with the capability of screening with 
questions and quarantining or moving to voluntary isolation.
Airports are: LAX, SFO, Seattle, ATL, ORD, Hawaii, Newark, IAD, Detroit, DFW
JFK, and Seattle
PRESS:  CNN (truck came to my house since I was so busy with wall-to-wall 
conference calls and hundreds of e-mails.; 
Feb. 2, 2020 – Call from Sylvia Burwell asking for clarification of the new policy 
regarding AU students who are returning fom China.   Apparently, the policy is not up on 
the CDC website.
Had daily Task Force call.  Discussed the difficult logistics of airport funneling and 
quarantine/isolation at land crossings with Canada and Mexico.
Cases now 14,551 and 304 deaths
Now 3 aditional cases in USA = 11
Kansas City Chiefs beat SF  49ers – Patrick Mahomes stars abd comes back from 10 
point deficit in the 4th quarter.
PRESS:  MSNBC; Fox Local TV; NBC Nightly News; CNN with Anna Cabrera
Feb. 3, 2019 – Task Force meeting daily.    Repatriated people from Wuhan 150 tested 
negative; no positives thus far.  Cases = 17,205 with 361 deaths; 26 countries have 180 
international cases and within that there are 20 human to human transmission 
transmissions with no sustained transmission yet.
Complicated issue with border crossings of Chinese at Canada and Mexico. Many come 
over, but screening capabilities are not like we have at airport.
Travis AFB, Miramar, Lackland AFB are landing destinations for US Citizens coming 
from Wuhan so that we can implememnt institutional quarantines and medical care if 
needed.
Spoke with George Gao tonight in China.   George is the Director General of the Chinese 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.   He confirmed that infected people can be 
asymptomatic and that asymptomatic people can transmit.   This is important since the 
recent NEJM paper that said that a Chinese woman who went from Shanghai to Germany 
and infected a business associate while she was asymptomatic was in fact mildly 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 16 ---
684
symptomatic and so the NEJM paper is incorrect.   However, the fact is still true.   Also, 
George was very sensitive and understandably defensive since he was the one who said 
early on that there was no human to human transmission and that the original 27 cases in 
the wet market reported on December 31, 2019 were animal to human when actually 
human to human transmission was occurring weeks before.   The Wuhan health officials 
did not tell him this and he thus gave out false information.   This lapse likely allowed the 
outbreak to take hold since Wuhan went about their business with 40,000 pot luck 
festivals without social distancing.
Failure of HIV vaccine trial HVTN-702 (Uhambo) conducted in South Africa  >5000 
participants showed no efficacy at all.   DSMB stopped trial due to futility
PRESS:  WTOP Radio; CNBC; TRT Turkish TV (x2); CGTN Chinese TV; On 
camera interview with Jennifer Ashton in VRC – ABC News; Lou Dobbs FOX 
News.
Jan. 4, 2020 -  20,680 cases and 27 deaths.   No sign of diminishing.   We are hearing the 
obvious conflicting opinions of the benefit or harm of travel restrictions.
A lot of interest in the revealing that the NEJM paper claiming in one Chinese to German 
transmission that it was symptomatic transmission, when it probably was not.   I quoted 
that paper (now flawed) in the WH presser.
One death in Hong Kong (total of 2 with Phillippines for non-China deaths)
20,680/426 – 2% mortality
Continuing to evacuate USC from Wuhan.   4 individuals from Hubei Province under 
quarantine (2 LAX, 1 ORD, 1 NY)
Chinese officials criticizing USA for travel restrictions.  WHO also adding muted 
criticism.
Got urgent e-mail from Lindsey Baden from NEJM to review in 2 hours a pape from 
Germany showing that an asymptomatic person can harbor replication competent virus in 
nasal passages.
State of the Union address tonight and vote on conviction after impeachment tomorrow – 
weird!
PRESS:  Bloomberg Radio;Vox print; Marc Siegal Doctor Radio – Sirius; NPR – 
“All Things Considered”- Richard Harris; Good Morning America – ABC;  Yahoo 
Finance TV; NY Times – Roni Caryn Rabin; Reuters print; Israeli TV – i24 LIVE; 
Picture in Washington Post; BBC Radio interview
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 17 ---
685
Feb. 5, 2000 – Spenty the day on the Hill as part of the President’s Coronavirus Task 
Force led by Alex Azar and Mick Mulvany to brief first the Senators in the Dirksen 
Building led by Lamar Alexander and Patty Murray and then the House led by Rosa 
DeLauro and Tom Cole in the Capitol Visitor’s Center.  Also, spent time in the SCIF 
planning for tomorrow when we may be briefing the POTUS again.
25,000 cases/479 deaths.
President was acquitted today by the Senate on a partisan vote.
Much print press about every aspect of nCoV, particularly the controversy about 
asymptomatic transmission. In the Washington Post today, Nancy Pelosi, when asked 
whether she feels the administration is doing a good job, said the following:
Post – Feb. 5, 2020:
Exiting the briefing, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) praised Anthony 
Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases who is 
also on the administration task force, saying she had worked with him for years. 
Fauci was among those briefing lawmakers on Wednesday.
“He has confidence in what is happening at CDC, so again, my confidence is in 
him,” Pelosi said. “I think we have to be appropriately alert but not 
fearmongering on this, and I think that’s the right tempo.”
Asked about Azar’s leadership, Pelosi said: “I don’t know that much about Azar 
but I know Fauci. All I know about Azar is he used to work for a pharmaceutical 
company. I don’t know that much about his experience with disease but Dr. Fauci 
is a doctor, and this is his life’s work.”
Tragic news – Eric Scorce (my nephew) found dead in his apartment.   Likely 
sudden heart attack.
PRESS:  KCBS Radio – San Francisco; MSNBC; Radio Free Asia (TV); Wed MD; 
Washington Post
Feb. 6, 2020  - Cases continue to soare with 28,018/563.  Another packed day mostly at 
HHS and White House.   Conspiracy theories still abound.   The NAS group with OSTP 
met (see above) and decided that there was no clear evidence of malfeasance, but it 
should be looked into (see attachement below):
NASEM Response 
to OSTP re Coronavi   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 18 ---
686
Briefed the Asia/East Asia Ambassadors on nCoV in Room EEOB-350. Then had long 
meeting of Coronavirus Task Force is Sit Room of WH chaired by Mick Mulvany at 
4:00- 4:45PM when the core group of Task Force were called to Oval Office to brief 
POTUS.   When we walked in the POTUS was not yet in the room.   When he walked in 
with Melania, the first thing he did was say“"Anthony, come here and say hello to 
Melania”.   Then, to my embarrassment in front of everyone (Kellyanne, Mick, Bob 
O’Brien and many in Cabinet) he told Melania that I was the smartest person in the 
world.   We then sat down and briefed him and Melania.  He asked what he could do and 
we said that since he would be calling Chinese President Xi Jinping late this evening, he 
could ask him to approve the WHO delegation of scientists that include CDC and NIH 
people.   He did what he did last time and directed most of the questions to me, again 
ending with asking me if I thought that we were on the right track.
During the task Force meeting, the issues came up of cruise ships (one in Yokohama, 
Japan, and one in New Jersey/New York) that had infected Chinese from Wuhan on them 
and discussion of how to handle quarantine for the rest of the passengers. 
PRESS: India TV; Podcast with Newt Gingrich; Podcast with Howard Buchner at 
JAMA (well-received by NYT and WSJ reporters.
Feb. 7, 2020 – Started with 7:00 AM with a multi-party call hosted by WHO.  Got good 
information. See below.
31,211/637.  61 infections on Japanese cruise ship. Chinese are starting to see a slight 
downtrend in cases.   Perhaps we are turning things around in China?   I warn on the call 
that we need to give developing countries the resources to do contact tracing and isolation 
or else as we decrease China, another country will become like China.   Also, need 
serologies to determine extent of asymptomatic and minimally symptomatic infection so 
that we can determine the true case fatality rate among other things.
Cancelled trip to Florida for Chris’s birthday.  So sorry.
PRESS: Press conference at HHS with Azar, Redfield, Cuccinnelli, Biegun, Szabat; 
CNN; interviewed with: USA Today,   Bloomberg Law (Jeannie Beaumann), 
Arizona republic, NY Times (Denise Grady), Bloomberg News (Bob Langreth; 
WJLA TV ABC7 (Local); CNN with Lou Dobbs.
Feb. 8, 2020 – Numbers today: 34,867/724.  First USCit died in Wuhan.   Much press 
about this and the cruise ships in Japan and Bayonne.   Infections and quarantine of the 
Japan ship (61 so far, including some USCits.  10 people under quarantine from airport 
screening at the 11 airports.   People on Japanese ship getting cabin fever with 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 19 ---
687
quarantine.  People on Bayonne ship have all been released and the Chinese nationals on 
the ship are going home.
Tom Frieden called me this AM and we discussed various aspects of the outbreak.   He 
and I are on the same page in thinking tht this is acting like a bad influenza in its 
transmissibility and that the denominator is much greater than 34,867 (above) making the 
case fatality rate (CFR) more like 0.2-0.3 % rather than 2.0%.
PRESS:  FOX and Friends; WTOP Radio; MSNBC
Feb. 9, 2020 – Sunday, but it goes on.   37,593/814.   People on the Japanese cruise ship 
are being released from quarantine.  Outbreak still raging in China.   Still only 12 cases in 
USA (9 travel from Wuhan and 2 spouses of 2 of the 9).
Briefed the Governors at the Governors convention at the DC Convention Center
PRESS:  CNN International (good interview)
Feb. 10, 2020 – 40,625/910.   Outbreak still progressing.  I will list below the quarantine 
centers associated with the various funneled airports:
JB Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Hawaii (HNL)
Great Lakes Training Center Navy Base, Illinois (ORD)
Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base, Texas (DFW)
March ARB, California (LAX)
Travis AFB, California (SFO)
Dobbins ARB, Georgia (ATL)
Fort Hamilton, New York (JFK)
Naval Base Kitsap, Washington (SEA)
Joint Base Anacostia, Washington DC (IAD)
Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey (EWR)
Fort Custer Training Center, Michigan (DTW)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 20 ---
688
The Department of Defense already has quarantine centers at Fort Carson in 
Colorado, Travis Air Force Base and Marine Corps Air Station Miramar in 
California, and Lackland Air Force Base in Texas.
Ken Cucinnelli sends e-mail to Task Force saying that we should be much more 
aggressive in “mitigation” right now and not wait until outbreak in USA occurs.  
This triggers calls at HHS since it might look like HHS is not doing things 
correctly.   Had a vigorous Task Force call at 4:00 PM to discuss merssaging and 
the fact that we need to prepare for mitigation.   Ken Cuccinelli wants to prepare 
families and businesses to how they would respond to an outbreak.   I pushed back 
saying that my experience with anthrax and the “duct tape” incident made me feel 
that this would inspire unnecessary panic or ridicule.   We should prepare more 
forward-looking at the state and local health levels, not the family level.
Infections on the Japanese Cruise ship up to 136.   Sick people taken off and rest 
quarantined on ship.   Question raised whether aerosol spread through ventilation 
system similar to spread of SARS in 2004 in Amoy Garden Apartment Complex 
in Hong Kong.
97 people die in China yesterday – most for a single day.
CDC wants the airlines give them the contact information of passangers so that 
they can be tracked.
Bob Redfield having trouble clearly articulating the process of converting from 
containment to mitigation.   He is a good guy, but Bob is Bob.   Azar/HHS/and 
WH are all putting me out there to explain things within our group and to the 
press.   Bob seems OK and modestly wants to learn.   I like him.
PRESS: CNN (Jim Sciutto); Diane Rehm Podcast; Sean Hannity Radio Show; 
CNN International.
Feb. 11, 2020 – 13th American infected (San Diego).   One of the people air-
evacuated by State to Miramar from Wuhan.   Minimal sxs.
43,138/1018
Bob Kadlec offers the Japanese help in providing remdesivir in a compassionate 
use protocol to the people on the Diamond Princess cruise ship in Yokohama.   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 21 ---
689
Now 131 people infected and the rest are quarantined.   I offer Cliff Lane to help 
with the protocol.
A PCC document that I just read is proposing that even in Phase IV (see below) 
we should continue INA 212 (f) travel restrictions.   I disagree with this since 
travel restrictions are to delay the entry of disease into your country.   Once you 
have sustained transmission in your country, it is a waste of resources to try to 
keep out travelers.   I cannot be on the PCC call this AM (on a panel at the Aspen 
Institute in DC) and so I called Bob Redfield and asked him to respresent me and 
my reservations about this:
Phases of U.S. Government Response to the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV)
Phase I—Current Posture
• Description: Foreign nationals who have been in China within 14 days prior to their 
actual or attempted entry into the United States are ineligible for admission under 
Section 212 (f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA).  Departments and 
agencies may exercise certain exemptions.  Any person, but specifically U.S. 
citizens and legal permanent residents (LPRs) who have been: (1) in Hubei 
province within the past 14 days may be subject to 14 day mandatory quarantine; 
and (2) in China (outside Hubei province) within the past 14 days may be subject 
to screening and self-isolation for 14 days.  All direct and indirect flights from 
China are funneled to 11 airports with enhanced CDC medical screening.  CDC is 
coordinating with state and local health care clinicians to identify domestic cases, 
isolate cases, and conduct appropriate contact tracing.
o Triggers: Already being implemented.
• Objectives: (1) Contain the outbreak at its source, (2) minimize domestic 
importation of additional cases, (3) limit potential for domestic epidemic, and (4) 
prepare the domestic response mechanisms.
• Messaging: Daily HHS and CDC briefings and on camera task force briefings as 
appropriate.
Phase II—Aggressive Containment
• Description: Expand the scope of the travel ban to account for additional states or 
territories.  Apply quarantine measures above to people not covered by the travel 
ban, including U.S. persons, but who have traveled to these additional states or 
territories within the time frames described above.  All direct and indirect flights 
from these additional states or territories will be funneled to the 11 airports with 
enhanced CDC medical screening.  Consider reducing the number of airports to 
concentrate screening resources. CDC further coordinates with state and local 
health care clinicians to identify domestic cases, isolate cases, and conduct 
appropriate contact tracing.
o Triggers: Sustained human to human transmission and exportation of cases 
without nexus to China.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 22 ---
690
• Objectives: (1) Limit the outbreak to the source and additional outbreak areas, (2) 
minimize importation of additional cases, (3) limit potential for domestic epidemic, 
(4) additional preparation of the domestic response mechanisms and in some cases 
executing those plans, and (5) begin outreach to state and local authorities to 
prepare for Phase III and Phase IV.
• Messaging: XYZ.
• Specific Department and Agency Activities: XYZ.
Phase III—Partial Mitigation
• Description: Travel restrictions put in place by active INA 212(f) proclamations 
remain in place.  Those not covered by any active travel bans, including U.S. 
persons from identified countries are allowed to travel to their final destination and 
may then be subject to self-isolation for 14 days, as coordinated by state and local 
authorities.  Individuals who travel to the affected domestic areas or live in those 
areas may be subject to self-isolation for 14 days, as coordinated by state and local 
authorities.  
o Triggers: Sustained human to human transmission without nexus to China 
in two or more domestic locations.
• Objectives: (1) Implement the national response, (2) reacting to the first domestic 
epicenters, and (3) mitigating and minimizing the impact of the disease.
• Messaging: XYZ.
• Specific Department and Agency Activities: XYZ.
Phase IV—Mitigation
• Description: Travel restrictions put in place by active INA 212(f) proclamations 
remain in place.  Limit non-essential domestic travel, cancel public gatherings, 
social distancing, execute private sector and government continuity of operations.
o Triggers: Wide-spread domestic human to human transmission, could be in 
cities or regional.
• Objectives: (1) Preserve the functioning of critical infrastructure and mitigate 
impact to the economy and functioning of society, and (2) support community 
responses to the extent possible to mitigate illness, suffering, and death.
• Messaging: XYZ.
• Specific Department and Agency Activities: XYZ.
WHO officially names the 2019-nCoV as “COVID19”.   Was on Panel at Aspen Institute 
chaired by Helen Branswell and with Nancy Messonnier and Ron Klain as co-panelists.   
Reminisced with Ron about the Ebole-White House days
PRESS:  NPR Radio 1A (Todd Zwillick); WTOP Radio; Press at the Aspen 
Institute (2300 N Street); FOX News (Lou Dobbs) 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 23 ---
691
Feb. 12, 2020 – 45,172/1115  Individual reports are coming out about various 
clinical characteristics.   Unreviewed report now of virus in saliva of infected 
people.   Let us see what kind of reponse that gets.
Very busy day today with 4 Congressionald briefings!   Also, complicated by 
wake of Eric Scorce today and funeral tomorrow.   Much stress.
First we briefed House members at Rayburn led by Rosa DeLauro, Nita Lowey 
and Tom Cole.   Then we went to the Senate Dirksen to brief senators led by 
Lamar Alexander.   Then to Capitol Visitors center to brief House members led by 
Eliot Engel.   Then to Majority hosue leader Steny Hoyer’s office to brief 
members.   Steny was profuse in his praise for me, which was  a little 
embarrassing
On my way out of White House from the 4:00 to 5:00 PM Task Force meeting, ran 
into Larry Kudlow, who has become my new best friend.   He joked about how 
many years I have been doing this and he has been following my career.   His 
main question was when is this COVID19 going to crash the economy, i.e. when 
does he need to start worrying about it.   It told him that we are OK for now but 
this could change rapidly if we start seing sustained person-to-person 
transmission.   He asked me to keep him informed when in my opinion things are 
starting to go bad 
Having our second big multipeson conference call this AM with Mike Ryan, 
Tedros and WHO, Bruce Aylward (Canadian) called from China.  He is part of 
WHO multi-national advance team in China.  Still no invitation for US 
representation from China to be part of group. Azar getting very angry and 
blaming Tedros for not pushing with China to get us on the group.  Azar feels that 
Tedros in bowing to Xi Jinping who does not want USA.  Tough situation since 
Tedros and WHO depends greatly on China and often bows to them.
PRESS:  WTOP Radio; Bloomberg TV (by phone;
Feb. 13, 2020 – 60,349/1369    Sharp increase in that they are not using just lab 
test for DX; they are using chest x-rays and CT scans of lung.
Meeting at White House with Chairs and Ranking members of big 4 committees 
with  Anne Schuket, General Paul Friedrichs, Bob Kadlec in Roosevelt Room.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 24 ---
692
Kevin McCarthy, Steve Scalise, Greg Walden.   Chaired by Mick Mulvaney.   
Also, Eric Ueland of WH Lewg there.   Good questions.   Many compliments
PRESS:  CBS This Morning (for showing tomorrow); FOX News (Lou 
Dobbs)
Feb. 14, 2020 – 64,460/1384   Making plans to deal with Americans on Princess 
Diamond Cruise ship in Yokohama harbor.   Cliff flying to Japan to help design a 
clinical trial to treat infected people with remdesivir.   Then he is off to China as 
part of the WHO-sponsored delegation.
Azar, Redfield, Kadlec and I briefed the entire Cabinet on a teleconference this 
AM
PRESS:  FOX  Business; Spectrum News TV; Fox News with Dana 
perino;CBS This Morning ; CNBC
Feb. 15, 2020 – 67,178/1527.  Had White House Task Force conference call at 
12:00 noon (Saturday).   Big issue was the plan to get Americans off the Diamond 
Princess in Yokohama harbor.   State will charter planes to get them to Lackland 
and Travis AF bases.   Sick people will stay in Japanese hospitals.   Uninfected 
and people whoise status is not clear will be flown out with the proper PPE for 
those who are thought to be at roisk of being infected.
Also, discussed on the call the persistent problem of cruise ships in general, which 
could derail all polasn for containment since they scatter people from all over the 
world to all over the world.
Important conference call chaired by Bob Kadlec with the ASPR and CDC people 
who are on the ground with the Diamond Princess Cruise ship in Yokohama.  The 
conditions apper to be dreadful with major transmission on the boat.   Many crew 
members getting infected.   Japanese are not adhering to the required PPE.  It 
seems that they are unaware of the potential transmissibility of the virus.  The 
CDC people say the ship is like an “incubator” for the virus.   One called it a 
cesspool of virus.  This conversation makes it clear that we need to get US citizens 
off that ship.  James Lawlor (Nebraska) and Michael Callahan (Mass. General) 
were on the call.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 25 ---
693
PRESS:  FOX News with Molly Line; 
Feb. 16, 2020 – 69,275/1670  (Sunday)  Big discussion on phone with Kadlec, 
Anne Schuchat and Kevin (ASPR) on whether to remove a person from the 
evacuation plane who recently showed to be positive.  Original plan was that 
anyone who was infected would not board plane evacuating people from the 
Diamond Princess.  Now Kadlec and Kevin want to board them since people on 
the bus waiting to board have already been exposed on the bus to several people 
who are infected.
Washington Post story by Jasmeen Abutaleb has me defending Azar against slurs 
against him (covertly by administration officials).   I also say that w need to be fair 
to the POTUS (see below):
"In fairness to the president, someone told him something that has a basis in 
reality. ... There is some validity in saying respiratory viruses like flu and 
coronavirus are seasonal," Fauci said. "The only thing is when you're dealing 
with a pandemic-type virus that is brand new, there's no way of knowing what's 
going to happen when the weather gets warm."
Some officials have complained that Trump's comments about the virus emanate 
from his briefings with Azar, who they say has been overly controlling in the 
response and has told other doctors not to get too far into the details of the virus 
and the outbreak with Trump. Azar is disliked by many in the White House, four 
administration officials say.
Fauci, however, said Azar has brought medical professionals with him to nearly 
every briefing and insisted they be part of Oval Office meetings.
Azar "always defers to the scientists. That's the reason why whenever we're in 
the Situation room and the president would like some briefing, Alex always takes 
me and (CDC director) Bob Redfield in with him," Fauci said. "He always wants 
us to give the straight scientific information to the president."
PRESS: Face the Nation (Margaret Brennan);
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 26 ---
694
Feb. 17, 2020 – 71,438/1775.   454 infected on Diamond Princess cruise ship.  
Heated discussion last evening (see above) with Bob Kadlec, Will Walters (State 
Med), Anne Schuchat, Kevin (ASPR) about whether to board people on the 
evacuation 747 plane who were originally scheduled to come home as 
“uninfected” after they just found out that 14 of them are in fact infected.   The 
written agreement is that no documented infected people should get on the evac 
plane.   Walters, Kevin and to some extent Bob Kadlec (he was complicit) insisted 
that since they were already on the bus, we should allow them on the plane.  They 
said that we would not know what to do with them if they stayed since we could 
not leave them on the ship and the Japanese did not have facilities to take care of 
them (I do not believe the latter).  Anne Schuchat vehemently argued that they 
should not be allowed to board since the public and written agreement was that 
they would be put on a plane WITHOUT infected people and this would be 
breaking that agreement.   Nonetheless, Walters pushed and Kadlec (ASPR) caved 
and went along.   Of note, later on (today) Walters said that he checked with me 
and I was OK with the boarding – a lie!   On the call today Azar was upset since 
the entire Cabinet was questioning why we let them board and when he asked our 
stance, he heard that we (HHS) disagreed.   He was upset that we did not speak 
with one voice and this looked bad.   On the call today, I told him that State 
(Walters) was going to do what he wanted to do anyway no matter what we said.   
Of note, on these issues in foreign countries, State has the last word.
Several of the 14 infected people from ship who were evacuated went to Nebraska.  
Also 3 additional people were notified while on the plane that they were infected.   
We air evacuated 328 people from Diamond Princess.  61 Americans elected to 
stay in Japan on the ship, but the Japanese want them off the ship because 
transmission is occurring on the ship.  There are now 800+ non-China cases, 365 
of which are on Diamond Princess.   Now 28 countries have cases and within these 
there are 183 human to human transmissions.   Singapore is problem with 68% of 
their cases are human to human
PRESS: WTOP Radio; FOX (Caputo) TV; FOX Business TV; CNN (Wolf 
Blitzer Situation Room).
Feb. 18, 2020 – 73,335/1876.  More infections appearing on Diamond Princess.   
Good thing we got our people off the ship.
Director of a major Wuhan hospital dies of COVID-19. Liu Zhiming, 51yo 
neurologist 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 27 ---
695
Did panel at the Council on Foreign Relations chaired by Fran Townsend.  Bob 
Kadlec was other panelist.
Much discussion about Cruise ship issues.
Our planes land in Lakeland and Travis with evacuated Americans.   Infected 
people shipped to University of Nebraska for containment; remainder of the 
uninfected go into 14 day quarantine
PRESS: CNN New Day (Jim Sciutto and Alisyn Camerota); BBC Radio; 
CNN International; FOX America Newsroom; CNBC; FOX News (Laura 
Ingraham)
Feb. 19, 2020 – 75,201/2012.  On WHO weekly call with Mike Ryan. 1700 health 
care workers have been infected.  Starting to discuss the role of environmental 
(surfaces) spread of virus, particularly in the context of the Diamond Princess.  
Mike Ryan makes good point that the stringent control efforts of China are putting 
pressure on the virus not to spread.  This is somewhat artificial.   He is concerned 
that the virus in other countries that cannot be so draconian in control we might 
see a resurgence of the virus that is being artificially controlled in China.
CDC Comms concerned that I am being too hard on the Japanese by sayng 
publicly that their quarantine failed.   They contacted Courtney.   Too bad.  I tell it 
like it is.   They completely messed up the infection control on the Diamond 
Princess.   They had over 500 people infected on the ship.  Problem is that 
Japanese are releasing people into the community from the ship without the 
complete 14 day quarantine.   They consider being on the ship as quarantine when 
it is not.  We have “do not board” orders on the people who have left the ship until 
they are off the ship for 14 days.
PRESS:  NPR “Morning Edition”; KCBS Radio (San Francisco); FOX 
Business News; Siriusx Radio – Michael Smerconish; Nextstar TV; Wall 
Street Journal Pocast; NBC Nightly News (did not show – may show in AM); 
PBS NewsHour (William Brangham); FOX News (Lou Dobbs)
Feb. 20, 2020 – 75,752/2130.  Had major discussions last evening among the HHS 
team.   Some disagreement that we had to sort out between ASPR (Kadlec) and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 28 ---
696
CDC (Cetron/Redfield) regarding when to trigger the transition from containment 
to mitigation.   Kadlec wanted to do it if only 1 location (city, etc) had more than 3 
rounds of transmission, whereas CDC wanted to trigger to be >3 rounds in more 
than one non-contiguous location (city, etc.) .   After much conference call 
discussion we came to a compromise.
Azar pissed off at a story in the Washington Post by Lena Sun.   Someone leaked 
the story about the disagreement between CDC and State/ASPR regarding 
allowing infected Americans to board the evacuation plane taking people from the 
Diamond Princess back to the USA.   Now this is a big story:  “Infected patients 
put on plane against CDC advice”
PRESS:  Radio Free Asia (TV); The Doctors TV Show; Home Care Radio 
(HCR); NBC Nightly News (from yesterday)
Feb. 21, 2020 – 76,775/2247.   1st patient to die from being on Diamond Princess.   
Had intense “Table Top”=like exercise with the WHTF in the Situation Room 
from 3:00to 5:00 PM.   Discussed the plans and triggers of going from 
containment to mitigation.   Lots of good discussion.   Led by Mick Mulvaney.
CNBC interview wa slightly hostile questioning the “controversial” decision of 
putting the infected evacuees from the Diamond Princess on the plane back to 
USA.   After my explanation and after I was off the air, Mike Osterholm and Scott 
Gottlieb got on and starting spewing forth about the idea that we might be missing 
people in the UA who are infected.   The hosts seemed to be pitting me against 
them.  Typical media 
PRESS: BBC World Radio Show; NBC News print; WJLA Local TV by phone; 
CNBC (Meg Terrell)
Feb. 22, 2020 – 77,932/2363.  Seeing  sustained transmissions in Japan and Korea.   
CDC issuing travel alert 2 – “consider postponing non-essential travel”.  This is a bad 
sign and could be the beginning of the transition to a pandemic.
Press (see MSNBC below) still folucing on the decision to board infected people on the 
plane from the Diamond Princess
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 29 ---
697
PRESS: MSNBC; CNN with Michael Smerconish; 
Feb. 23, 2020 (Sunday) – 78,804/2463.  Cases of community spread now increasing 
greatly in Japan, South Korea, Italy.
Bob Kadlec called me this AM with emerging problem.   We need to house some of the 
evacuees from the Diamond princess who are continuing to convert to virus positive in a 
place where we can isolate them and have them ready for acute medical care if they 
become ill.  There are about 30 people thus far negative for infection who may soon 
convert, mostly elderly and frail about whom Kadlec is concerned.  It is projected that 1 
of 10 will convert and likely will get seriously ill as has been the case with other elderly 
people from the Diamond Princess who got ill in Japan and went to Japanese hospitals.   
They are now at air force bases Lakeland and Travis, but the military does not want to 
have responsibility for them if they are infected since they are concerned about “force 
protection”.  Also, and importantly, Bob Kadlec tried to get the people housed at 
Anniston, AL.  Congressman Mike Rogers (R-AL) got furious and reemed out Kadlec 
saying he was going to destroy him.   He got on the phone to President trump who was on 
a plane going to India and badmouthed Azar.  Apparently, the POTUS called up Azar and 
was very pissed off.   He told Azar he had to fix it or else, since the POTUS was 
originally angry that we even brought back infected Americans from the Diamond 
Princess.   Azar then came to me asking me to help him “fix it”.   And so that is the 
origina of this saga.
The suggestion is to ship them to the NIH Safra Lodge so that they have access to NIH 
SCSU.  This would be disruptive to NIH, but there does not seem to be many 
alternatives.  Had discussions with Francis (boarding a plane to Grand Cayman) and 
Larry while on my C & O canal walk with Chris  about how to address this difficult and 
frustrating issue.  Francis on way to Grand Cayman for vacation.  This leave it to Larry 
and I to “fix”.
Had important conference call with NIH Clinical Center people – Jim Gillman, Tara 
Palmore, Rick Davey, etc.   Tara makes good point that we realy cannot use the Safra 
lodge since even one infected person would nullify keeping uninfected people there.   
Decision was to skip the Lodge and put everyone in the Clinical Center.  Gillman, Tara 
and Rick now huddling to figure out how to do this. 
I visit the Clinical Center group (Gillman, Tara, Rick, Henry Masur, David Henderson, 
nursing, etc in Clinical Center Room 6-3551 where they are convening to work this out.   
They present to me that they can make 11 beds available in the CC for evacuees who may 
convert.  If they did the full 30 (i.e. +19), it would be dangerous for our staff since we 
cannot retrofit that many rooms with negative air flow and proper room for don/doff.   
We decide on 11 in CC and Rick works with Lauren Sauer at Hopkins for an additional 8 
for a total of 19.   We go with that.   I contact Azar who contacts POTUS who is on plane 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 30 ---
698
to India with Melania.  And so, it is “fixed”.   Azar called me to thank me for “saving his 
ass”.
Feb. 24, 2020 – 79,524/2626.  Situation getting worse in Italy, Korea, Japan, Iran.   More 
reports of transmissions by asymptomatic people.   Lots of discussions of when the WHO 
will declare this a “pandemic”.   WHO is saying that they are no longer using the 
terminology “pandemic”
Stock Market plunging today about 1000 points as a result of coronavirus reports.
Mick Mulvaney called my office today to give me the cell number of Larry Kudlow 
who wanted to speak with me.   I called and Larry wanted my take on what is evolving 
with COVID-19 since it is critical to him in his assessment of the potential impact on the 
economy.   He said he trusts my opinion over anyone else.
OMB will release the Supplemental Request to the Congress tonight and I have a 
Congressional briefing with AZAR and the HHS team tomorrow AM. They did not 
request any for NIAID even though I put in for $145 million.   Spoke with Azar a few 
days ago and he said that OMB and he would not be upset if the Congress added to the 
Supp request for money for me.   Problem is thsat until then, I may need to defend why I 
am not getting or do not need additional money.
Had dinner over mansion  of Adrienne Arst.  Chris Liddell and his wife Renee were also 
guests.
PRESS: CBS Radio (NYC); AP TV; FOX Business (Lou Dobbs)
Feb. 25,2020 -  80,277/2705  Major concern ove other countries surging in cases – Italy, 
South Korea, Iran.   Stock Market staring to crash due to COVID-19.   Supply chain 
concerns.
1st patient evacuated from Diamond Princess to Lackland supposedly will come to NIH 
since patient has since converted to virus positive.
Big explosion of media.  On the usual CDC press briefing, Nancy Messonnier made the 
comment that a pandemic and community spread in the USA is not a matter of IF, but a 
matter of WHEN and we should prepare to do things like close schools and do telework.   
This caused a firestorm of media frenzy around the world.  The Stock Market tanked by 
1000 points; the POTUS called up Azar asking what the hell is going on.   I went into the 
media to try to calm the waters (see press below).  Also, the press was zinging the 
POTUS and Larry Kudlow for saying right before Nancy made her statement that 
everything is under control in the USA (which it is for now – 14 cases with no 
community spread) while CDC officials (Messonnier) were saying that a USA outbreak 
was inevitable.   Also, zinging the POTUS who is saying that a vaccine is imminent 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 31 ---
699
(soon).   He is obviously confusing the initiation of a phase 1 trial and having a vaccine 
ready. 
PRESS:  WTOP Radio; CBS Radio (NYC); FOX with Bret Baier; CNN Situation 
Room with Wolf Bitzer; CNN International; CNN with Chris Cuomo; MSNBC; 
BBC Radio x2
Feb.26, 2020 -  81,187/2768.  Should be a big day with the POTUS back from India and 
going to give a press conference this afternoon.
Big day today!   POTUS returned from India and wanted to clear up the issue of Nancy 
Messonnier’s statement that sent the Stock Market crashing.  The Task force, particularly 
Azar, me, Redfield, added Anne Schuchat,  Mick M. met with Trump in the Oval 
Office and updated him on coronavirus situation.   
(Of note, we have 1st case of community acquired COVID-19 in a woman from Solano 
County, CA who had no epidemiologic link to anyone weith COVID-19. This could be 
the beginning of something bad)
After we briefed POTUS in the White House, we went into the Cabinet Room and the 
other members of the Task Force briefed the POTUS a bit more.   Then we went into the 
White House press Room which was more packed than I had ever seen it.   People 
standing on chairs in the isles.   POTUS made comments, then Azar, then Anne, then me 
on vaccines and therapy.   The POTUS stayed for a long time (45 minutes) answering 
questions. He called Nancy Pelosi “Incompetent” in answer to a question  For the most 
part he was OK, but tended a little bit to underplay the situation.   After that we went 
back to the Oval Office with the POTUS to do a “post-mortem” on the press 
conference.   Everyone felt good about the presser.  
There was much speculation that the POTUS would either get rid of AZAR or appoint a 
Czar.   The press was geared for that.   However, POTUS asked VP Pence to do overall 
coordination of the coronavirus effort.    Clearly this was a compromise to not make Azar 
look bad since he is friends with Pence and at the same time silence/satisfy those who 
want a Czar and/or to get rid of Azar.
Another interesting twist was that they announced that Debbie Birx would be the new 
“coronavirus coordinator” in the NSC.   Apparently, she may have been fired from 
PEPFAR where there was considerable discontent about her leadership style (very 
dogmatic and inflexible)
Finally, we all adjourned to VP Pence’s office to discuss his new role  in coordinating 
coronavirus activities.
White House had us cancel all press briefing commitments since they wanted all the news 
to be the POTUS.   This led to the impression that I was being “muzzled” and led to a 
real twitter forestorm
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 32 ---
700
PRESS:  CNN New Day with John Berman and Alisyn Camerota; FOX News; 
CNBC Squawk Box;
Feb. 27, 2020 – 82,446/2808.  Very interesting things evolving.   Got phone call from 
Azar this AM (while in Building 31 cafeteria).  Azar is frustrated with the operational 
incompetence of the CDC and asked me to start thinking abou a possible replacement for 
Redfield at CDC in case Azar needs to replace him.  He prefers a woman, and someone 
who is not an obvious anti-Trump person.  Azar admits that regardless of all the PR, the 
fact is that Pence is now in charge.  Also, Azar told me that Pence ordered the lockdown 
of all press by everyone including Azar.   Azar is trying to turn this around since it is 
obviously a bad idea.
Got phone call fom Tom Bossert (former Deputy National Security Advisor to Bush and 
National Security Advisor to Trump until John Bolton forced him out).   Tom saw the 
press briefing on TV last night and was appalled by the denialism of the problem by 
Trump.   He wanted to know if I was trying to bring in some reality testing.  I told him 
that this was difficult.  I emphasized that we should be testing thousands of people and 
not just a few hundred.   With the 1st community case in CA, it is clear that there are 
other infected  people out there in the USA.  Also, there is a 2nd community case in 
California.  Turned into an amazing day.  Chris Cuomo calls me up and says that he 
wants me on his show since he is going to rip apart the CDC for not having enough tests 
available to screen for community spread cases (i.e. no known geographic connection).   
He says that people from NYC and elsewhere are calling us saying that they have 
suspicious cases and they cannot get test kits from CDC.   Actually, this is for at least 2 
reasons: 1) the CDC has not worked out the glitches in their kits and the criteria for 
testing a PUI (person under investigation) included their having an epidemiologic 
connection to a case.   This is crazy since by definition, a community-based case (which 
we are trying to screen for) does not have any recognizable epi link.   I realize that we 
have to fix the CDC problem and I call Brian Harrison and we both walk into Azar’s 
office and explain that we need to get CDC, FDA together to loosen the regulatort 
constraints on getting tests out.  It was my pushing that did it.  They come up with a 
solution of regulatory relaxation of QC.  
Stock Market crashing!  Also the issue of “muzzling Fauci” is going wild.  See above: It 
started when the VP took over the Task Force and his Chief of Staff (Mark Short) and his 
comms person Katie Miller wanted to re-assess the communications.  This was really 
triggered by the Nancy Messonnier’s statement.  I had agreed to a number of TV hits and 
we got word from the VP office to Bill Hall that we need to stand down on all media for 
the time being so that we can re-submit clearances.   This got interpreted that Fauci was 
being muzzled and triggered an amazing twitter storm that was widely and virally 
tweated to not suppress the “great Fauci”.   I was getting hundreds and hundreds of e-
mails of support.  There is even a #freeFauci out there.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 33 ---
701
Big surprise was at 10:35 PM tonight I got a phone call at home from President Trump 
who wanted to chat about the coronavirus situation in general.   We spoke for about 20-
25 minutes.   I encouraged him not to underplay the seriousness of the situation since if it 
turns out bad, it would look like he is covering up.   I even spoke to him from a political 
standpoint that his chances for re-election might be more damaged if he downplayed the 
potential spread of virus in the USA than if he said we may face serious problems and 
even if the Stock Market goes down further, he was at least honest and the country would 
respect him for it.   I thought that he heard what I said, but the next day, he again 
underplayed it.
Feb. 28, 2020 – Much community spread in South Korea, Italy, Iran, Japan.
Briefed the All House Membership at the Capitol Visitor Center.   Question came up of 
whether I am muzzled and I explained that this was not the case.
PRESS:  MSNBC – Chris Matthews Hardball; FOX Business with Gregg Jarrett;
Feb. 29, 2020 – 86,000/2941.  
Important Day – Went to Situation Room  for a Saturday AM (10:00 AM task force 
meeting) when it became clear that there was several new cases of “community spread”   
There were already 14 cases (12 from Wuhan and 2 spouses).   Then we learned a few 
days ago that there were 2 cases in California that were community based and both were 
now on respirators.   The NEW information from yesterday is that there are now 6 
additional cases – 1 in Oregon of a 45 yo who is now in the ICU and 5 cases near Seattle 
Washington, one of whom died last night; another one is hospitalized; and a 73 yo in long 
term care is now in an ICU; one just returned from Korea and so that might be a link for 
that person, but the others are unknown source.   A new chapter in the outbreak.  
6 hour meeting in the White House Situation Room.  We increased travel alert to Italy 
and Korea and no travel to Iran.   Level 3 for Italy and Level 4 to Northern Italy.   Level 3 
for Korea and Level 4 for Daegu in Korea.   I suggest and it is accepted as the “Fauci 
Rule” of asking these countries to do exit screening on people coming from their country 
to USA.
Meeting led by VP Pence.   Trump joins meeting and we decide to make 
announcement at press briefing in WH press Room of new findings (plus the fact that 
they signed an agreement with the Talaban to end the war in Afghanistan).   Pence and 
Mick Mulvney want me standing right next to the POTUS on the podium so that I can be 
seen on TV, and I make remarks about the recent community cases.   POTUS speaks, 
then VP Pence, the Azar, then me, and then Redfield.  They wanted just me, but I pushed 
to have Redfield also make remarks.
During the question period, the issue again comes up about whether I am muzzled.  I go 
to microphone and say I am not nor have I ever been muzzled.
VP Pence and Azar to be on Sunday Morning Shows tomorrow
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 34 ---
702
PRESS:  NBC Today Show; MSNBC; 
Mar. 1, 2020 – 87,137/2977.  Bob Redfield and Nancy Messonnier telling me that there 
are now more cases in Chicago, Rhode Island, Florida, Massachusetts.   Nancy is 
frustrated that Bob is not sounding the alarm to start social distancing.   She is asking for 
my help.   I will bring it up at the AMA call and the Task Force call.
Got call at home this AM (Sunday) from Gov. Andrew Cuomo (NY) asking advice how 
he should handle the COVID-19 siutation in NYC.   Had long conversation in which he 
stressed a few times, how much his father (and mother) loved me and used to tell Chris 
and Andrew how much they respected me and how proud they were that I was an Italian-
American.
Sylvia Burwell appeared on Fareed Zakaria GPS show.   I was supposed to be on with 
her, but it was one of the shows that got cancelled for me.   She called me this AM while 
Chris and I were on our walk and asked advice and fact checking for her interview.
On several of the Sunday Shows my name kept coming up by people in interviews and 
panels (Chuck Todd – Meet the Press) saying that “we should have Dr. Tony Fauci out 
there speaking to the American people.   He has a decades long history of giving the truth 
in a calming way to the public.”
Sunday conference call with AMA followed by VP Pence and Task Force.   We are 
moving to mitigation in Santa Clara section of California where there are cases and in the 
Seattle area of Washington State.  Reason – we have sustained community transmission 
in those areas.
PRESS: FOX and Friends; 
Mar. 2, 2020 – 89,197/3038.  2nd death in the USA (Washington State man).   Several 
more community based cases plus a NYC case that returned from Iran.   We will need to 
move to mitigation + containment in Washington State, which has declared state of 
emergency.
89 cases in USA with more cases each day.  6 deaths in USA
Deb Birx on board.   Had a slight run in with her when she told me that the WH was 
pissed at me for sayng on n NBC interview today that we have an outbreak and “likely a 
pandemic”.   It all go cleared up after I spoke with Katie Miller who is now running the 
Comms shop for COVID-19.   She is the VP’s Comms person.
Someone trying the hurt Azar by leaking to press (Politico and WSJ)that on a phone call 
wher we discussed the contamination problem with the CDC test that Azar and Brian 
Harrison said to send the tests out anyway even though they are defective.   The leaker 
said that I was on the call and tried to persuade them not to do this.   The entire story was 
a fabrication and Brian Harrison, Redfield and Steve Hahn talked the reporter out of it.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 35 ---
703
Met in the Cabinet Room with POTUS, VP and multiple CEOs of PHARMA to discuss 
contribution on industry to treatment and vaccine effort.  POTUS very deferential to me 
at meting.  Getting many, many e-mail and press writing about my role helping the 
country.   Much press exposure (daily WEH briefing from press room)
Having a daily Task Force meeting at 4:00 PM will destroy my schedule to do anything 
else.
PRESS:  CNN New Day with Alisyn Camerota; CNN with Chris Cuomo;  Daily 
press conference from WH press room.  Mutliple spinoffs
Mar. 3, 2020 – 91,320/3118.    POTUS and VP visit NIH today.
Amazing day!   Testified with Steve Hahn, Anne Schuchat, Bob Kadlec before Senate 
HELP Committee chaired by Lamar Alexander.   Patty Murray complaining about lack of 
testing availability in Washington State where there is increased community spreading 
now with 6 deaths most in nurtsing home.  In the middle of the hearing Sen Keane asked 
me why I was disinvited to the Democratic caucus lunch.  It was scheduled that after the 
Hearing, Hahn, Birx and I should make comments first at the GOP Senate caucus lunch 
and then the Dem.  In reality someone in the VP’s office screwed up and felt that I would 
not get to the NIH in time to greet the POTUS who was coming up on Marine One.  They 
did not know that I was supposed to ride in the motorcade with Pence.   Anyway when 
the VP’s office heard about the outrage of Keane, they immediately re-invited me.   
Keane thought that this wa another example of them “muzzling me”.   A real cluster.   
However,  the VP spoke so long at the Dem lunch that it was clear that the POTUS would 
arrive before me, who was supposed o greet him.  Finally Azar and I raced up in his car 
with no motorcade to NIH.   Amazing that the POTUS got to VRC/NIH before me and 
Azar and actually waited in the holding room for me. Yikes!  We did our thing; I made a 
presentation, we had a press conference in the VRC.  Graham and Kizzmetia Corbett 
made presentation on 2nd floor and then the POTUS invited me and Azar to return to 
White House with him on Marine One.   After we got off Marine One, the POTUS and I 
held a press conference on the lawn.  Amazing.  
We then had our Task Force meeting followed by another press conference.  
Importantly, I have been pushing for blanket testing throughout the country on 
symptomatic and asymptomatic people to get some data.   CDC and FDA are promising 
this now, but I doubt if they can deliver.  I am beginning to quedtion the competency of 
CDC and the innocent inexperience of Steve Hahn and FDA
In the middle of this, Larry Corey calls me up and mentions that they did in Seattle a 
screening of people presenting with Flu like sxs in 4 emergency rooms, and of 380 
people, 4 were positive for Coronavirus.   This is bad since this is 1%.   I told Larry to 
call Bob Redfield and let him know.    This may be the beginning of a major outbreak in 
the USA 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 36 ---
704
PRESS:  Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos; multiple press 
conferences, including one on White House Lawn after getting off Marine One with 
the POTUS
Mar. 4, 2020 – 95,125/3254 Countriesd with cases – 77.   South Korera -5328 cases; 
Italy – 2502.  In USA 22 cases travel related + 38 person-to-person (10 deaths) = 60 
cases + 3 Wuhan and 45 Diamond Princess repatriated – 48 .  total – 108.
Testified with my NIH colleagues at the House Approps Subcommittee chaired by Rosa 
DeLauro and present was Full committee Chair Nita Lowy.  Again much praise for my 
role in coronavirus.
Many senators want to speak individually to me.   Today spoke with Senators Manchin 
(D-WV), Gary Powers (D-MI), and Pat Toomey (R-PA) clarifying point about testing, 
which is the big topic since the CDC and FDA lagged behind.
More briefings today of House GOP and Dem caucus in Capitol Visitor Center.   Totally 
standing room only.   Kevin McCarthy ran GOP and Nancy Pelosi ran Dem. Much praise 
for me.   VP came with Birx and then took me with them to return to WH in his 
motorcade, which was really fun – driving at 50 miles/hour down usually crowded streets 
that are now all blocked off.
Daily task force meeting – I presented to group the 4 cases of community spread in 
Seattle (Corey phone call).  VP and Steve Mnuchin pownplayed and VP bought it saying 
that 1% is a small number.   I tried to explain to them that 1% reflects the situation a few 
weeks ago givin incubation and the real number is probably hundreds of infections.   I 
wanted to have them do social distancing.   Birz looking like she wants to tell the VP 
what he wants to hear.   Not looking good.  Sean Conley appropriately questions the VP 
going to Seattle.   
I call up Marc Short tonight and express my concern that they are downplaying the 4 
patients.   He understands and will relay this to VP.
Governor Cuomo wants me (texts) to go to NYC and do a press conference with him.  I 
told him that this is unlikely.   He texts me back: “You are doing the important work!  I 
am in the cheap seats.  God Bless.   Whenever works”.
PRESS:   Press conference after the Task Force meeting.   I stress difference 
between risk of infection and risk of complication.
Mar. 5, 2020 – 97,381/3348   Now have 12th death in USA – another of the Seattle 
nursing home.   Total cases in the USA = 152.  Seattle seeing community spread (see 
above).   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 37 ---
705
Did Full Senate and Full House briefings in the Capitol Visitor Center with Azar, and 
some members of Task Force.   Some hostility between Azar and Congressman for Texas 
regarding the issue of the Congressman questioning whether CDC people were properly 
PPE’d when they brought expatriated people from Diamond Queen.  
Following the briefings, we did a press conference.   Many hostile questions regarding 
what the POTUS said that AM on Hannity.   He said that most people who get infected 
and do very well and can go back to work.   He obviously misunderstood the briefing of 
him that most people whore infected (>80%) do well and do not need hospitalization.   
He also quoted a modeling study from CDC (Spoken by Brett Giroir) that the real CFR 
was between 0.1% and 1.0%.   The press asked me how this could differ from the WHO 
number of 2-3%.   I explained that the WHO only counts cases that come to the attention 
of the medical community (and this was pure arithmetic of numerator (deaths) and 
denominator (number of recognized infected people) and the CDC model was making 
assumptions about the actually number of infected people who might be asymptomatic or 
minimally symptomatic and not get noticed.
Did a Podcast with Alan Alda (really wonderful guy).  
Congress passed a $8.3 billion supplement for coronavirus.   NIAID gets $826 million
Govenor Inslee of Washington State called me even though the VP was on his way to 
visit the Govenor and asked me my opinion about mitigation, i.e. should they start it.   I 
told him a definitely yes.   He said that he trusts me and no body else in the 
administration.   I also answered a number of questins from him and his staff.
Someone still is planting stories to discredit Azar.   Judy Steckler (HHS) has asked me on 
a couple of occasions (see above) to call the reported and give the other side of the story 
which I have done.
Press stories that the White House did not like the Profile of me in Politico since it is off 
message (Really???).  Yet everyone in the WH is congratulating me on the piece (watch 
your back, Tony).  I am pretty safe, I believe since the public adulation of me has been 
amazing with every young intern as well as seasoned veteran in the WH coming over to 
me congratulating me and thanking me for my work and even asking for selfies.
Bad news with another cruise ship – Grand Princess.   A person was on the ship, did not 
feel well, got off in a port in California, then was hospitalized, tested positive for 
COVID-19 and died.   Now the cruise ship wants to dock in SF.   Not being allowed   
Several people on board have respiratory sxs.   Flying tests in to see if there is infection 
on the ship.   If there is, we will have to quarantine the entire population of the ship OFF 
the ship to avoid a Diamond princess situation.   Problem is that logistically we have no 
easy way to quarantine 4000 people.   More tomorrow when we get results of tests.
PRESS:  FOX Business with Lou Dobbs; CNN Town Hall with Anderson Cooper.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 38 ---
706
Mar. 6, 2020 – Nancy Messonnier calls me asking for help in getting the message out 
that we must protect the vulnerable (elderly with co-morbidities).   She wants to say it but 
she says the VP’s staff are pushing back.   I promise to bring up at TF meeting.   I do and 
get support to announce it, which I do at the WH press conference this afternoon.   I say 
that people with underlying conditions, particularly the elderly, should start to practice 
some form of social distrancing as well as avoiding any non-essential travel, particularly 
airplanes.
During task force meeting it became clear that there were at least 21 infections on the 
Grand Princess out of the 46 tested.   All but 2 were in the crew.   I and others strongly 
push to get these people off the ship to avoid another Diamond Princess fiasco.   Leave 
crew on ship and test everyone and put inot holding facility (March or Travis) and then 
send the California passengers to self-isolation at home, provide charter flights for the 
non-Californians to their home, and have the UK, Canada and other countries come and 
make decisions for their citizens as to their disposition.
POTUS in Florida tells VP that he would keep the people on the vessel, but if Fauci and 
others feel it is better to take them off, then take them off.   Yet, when he does a press 
conference in Florida, he says does not favor taking them off ship.   I am beset with 
having to deal with always being asked if I disagree with the POTUS.
Continually being pressed about the lack of availabioity of tests when Hahn at FDA is 
saying that 750,000 tests are distributed and 1.5 million more are on the way next week.
PRESS:  NBC Today Show with Savannah Guthrie; JAMA Podcast with Howard 
Bauchner; Tape CBS 60 minutes for airing on Sunday March 8);
Mar. 7, 2020 – 102,969/3511.  Meeting at Deb Birx home to hash out issues in 
preparation for TF meeting today (Saturday) at 4:00 PM.   Tom Frieden comes down 
from NYC, Joe Grogan, Steve Redd (now detailed from CDC to Deb), Matt Pottinger, 
Olivia Troye.
We make decision to recommend that staff of all nursing homes and extended care 
facilities act as if they are infected and wear masks, wash hands, etc. in dealing with 
clients.   Also, limit visits of family members, and if they do visit, they should do as the 
staff does. 
Still have not made decision about whether to ban all embarkment s of cxruise ships for 
USA.   We want to do this, since we do not have the facilities to quarantine thousands of 
people on a single ship when we know from DOT that at any given time there are 99 
cruise ships out there with >300,000 people that are planning on disembarking at USA 
ports.
Announced last night that Mick Mulvaney is out as Chief of Staff to POTUS and will 
now be Special Envoy to Northern Ireland (Yikes!)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 39 ---
707
At Deb house we learm that 2 people from the AIPAC (American Israel Public Affaitrs 
Committee) meeting are infected and one who has now actually gotten sick has hugged 
Mark Meadows, the new Chief of Staff to POTUS.   I speak with Sean Conley, Physician 
to POTUS, and tell him that Meadows needs to be isolated at home now; he needs to be 
tested now;   if negative, then OK, but still isolate 14 days’ if positive, we have a real 
problem sine he has made contact with many public Figures, possibly the POTUS 
already.   VERY INTENSE TIMES.   Meadows test is negative.  Will isolate for 14 
days.
Gov. Cuomo calls my cell and wants me to help him get masks from the WHO supply 
since the SNS does not have enough to service New York.   I give him Stewart 
Simonson’s cells phone and they connect.
Had important TF meeting in Sit Room.   VP phones in from Mar a Largo.  At least 4 
cruise ships with crew members who were on the Grand Princess are out there.   Could be 
a logistic nightmare.   I propose that we urge seniors with co-morbidities to avoid crowds, 
unnecessary travel, particularly on planes and absolutely on cruises as part of my 
campaign (see above) to protect the vulnerable.   I write (handwritten at the Table) a 
statement for the State Department to publish with DHS that this is our recommendation.   
VP loves it (on phone) and says let us call it the Fauci doctrine.
Mar. 8, 2020 – 105,427/3583.   2 cases in DC and at least 3 in Montgomery County.   I 
am going to start social distancing myself – am 7 monhs shy of 80 years old.   Today is 
the Sunday show day.   I emphasized on FOX (Chris Wallace) and Meet the Press that 
people with underlying conditions, particularly the elderly with such conditions should do 
social distancing, avoid all by absolutely essential travel, do not take long plane trips and 
absolutely avoid cruise ships.
The meetingof the TF today emphasized getting people off the ship.   There has been a 
delay with the union of longshoreman somewhat passive aggressing the USG.   Pence to 
Call Gov. Newsom.   Pence tasks Deb and I to put together some “Doctor Talk” 
statements in clear language.
Pence clearly very happy the way I handled the 2 Sunday Shows that I did.
Nice Profiles of me in Politico and NY Times today.
Amazing outflow of thanks from hundreds of people!!
Article from Denise Grady:
Not His First Epidemic, Dr. Anthony 
Fauci Sticks to the Facts
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 40 ---
708
Where politicians fumble and other government health officials step back, he steps up to 
explain.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, 
speaking before the House Appropriations Committee on Wednesday.Credit...Anna 
Moneymaker/The New York Times
By 
Denise Grady
• March 8, 2020, 3:04 p.m. ET
•  •  Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s leading expert on infectious diseases, is widely 
respected for his ability to explain science without talking down to his audience — and 
lately, for managing to correct the president’s pronouncements without saying he is 
wrong.
President Trump said that drug companies would make a coronavirus vaccine ready 
“soon.” Dr. Fauci has repeatedly stepped up after the president to the lectern during 
televised briefings or at White House round tables to amend that timetable, giving a more 
accurate estimate of at least a year or 18 months.
Mr. Trump said a “cure” might be possible. Dr. Fauci explained that antiviral drugs were 
being studied to see if they might make the illness less severe. The president also said the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 41 ---
709
disease would go away in the spring. Dr. Fauci said maybe so, but because it was caused 
by a new virus, there was no way to tell.
Experts like Dr. Fauci should be the ones who speak to the public during epidemics, said 
Representative Donna E. Shalala of Florida, who was his boss during the Obama 
administration, when she led the Department of Health and Human Services.
“I think Tony is playing the same exact role that he has in the past — to make sure the 
science is accurate and clear,” Ms. Shalala said. “During a health emergency, it’s the 
scientists and physicians that are the credible people to the American public, not 
politicians.”
“I used to make him wear his white coat when talking to the public,” she added. “I used 
to make them all wear their white coats so people were reassured that they are real 
doctors.”
On Sunday, Dr. Fauci appeared on at least two television news shows, warning that as the 
virus spread — there were more than 450 cases in at least 33 states — some stricter 
measures to isolate the infected might be considered. He also offered advice for older 
adults and those with underlying health conditions who are most at risk, saying they 
should avoid cruises, flights and large gatherings of people.
At a recent Congressional subcommittee hearing, one representative asked Dr. Fauci if he 
had a twin, because he seemed to be everywhere lately. Another offered medical advice: 
lemon, honey and bourbon for his voice, which has been hoarse for weeks from endless 
rounds of talking to lawmakers, scientists, health officials and reporters.
If Dr. Fauci has become the explainer-in-chief of the coronavirus epidemic, it is in part 
because other government scientists have left a vacuum, avoiding the news media 
spotlight or being reined in by the Trump administration and accused of exaggerating the 
threat from the virus. When reporters call Dr. Fauci, he calls them back.
Dr. Robert Redfield, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, is 
famous for being unknown: He has given few interviews or public talks outside those 
required by administration news conferences. Dr. Nancy Messonnier, director of the 
C.D.C.’s National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, who warned on
Feb. 25 that the coronavirus was likely to spread in the United States, and that “this could
be bad,” came under fire from the administration and has toned down her advisories.
“Nancy Messonnier told it like it is,” said Dr. Thomas Frieden, the former director of the 
C.D.C. “And she was 100 percent right, and they silenced the messenger.”
The C.D.C. has made few of its other scientists available for interviews about the 
coronavirus. And it is now facing sharp criticism for long delays in providing states with 
kits to test for the virus, and for setting such tight limits on the tests performed at its 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 42 ---
710
headquarters in Atlanta that some diagnoses were delayed or missed, possibly leaving 
infected people to spread the virus to others.
Dr. Fauci, 79, does not seem to be in the cross hairs. Although he was recently told he 
must clear his many TV, radio and print interviews through the White House, he has said 
that he has not been muzzled.
“You don’t want to go to war with a president,” Dr. Fauci told Politico. But he thinks the 
public needs solid, understandable medical information, especially during crises. He 
makes a point of not trying to “razzle-dazzle” audiences with his knowledge, he told an 
interviewer in 2015, adding that his education at a Jesuit high school and college taught 
him intellectual rigor and the value of public service. As director of the National Institute 
of Allergy and Infectious Diseases since 1984, Dr. Fauci has lasted through six 
presidents, and has declined multiple requests to lead his agency’s parent organization, 
the National Institutes of Health. He has led federal efforts to combat diseases caused by 
emerging viruses, including H.I.V., SARS, the 2009 swine pandemic, MERS, Ebola and 
now the new coronavirus.
He was an architect of the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, started in 2003 
by President George W. Bush, to fight H.I.V. globally.
In 2001, after anthrax was mailed to Senator Tom Daschle of South Dakota, the Bush 
administration tried initially to minimize the threat, but Dr. Fauci was characteristically 
blunt.
“This is material that is quite formidable, that is infecting people with inhalation anthrax, 
infecting them in the absence of direct contact,” he said. “You can call it whatever you 
want to call it with regard to grade and size or weaponized or not weaponized. The fact 
is, it is acting like a highly efficient bioterrorist agent.”
Previous disease outbreaks have kept him on the lookout for new pathogens, and in 
January, reports of unexplained pneumonia cases in Wuhan, China, set off alarms in his 
head.
“Even before we knew it was a coronavirus, I said it certainly sounds like a coronavirus-
SARS type thing,” he said. “As soon as it was identified, I called a meeting of top-level 
people and said, ‘Let’s start working on a vaccine right now.’”
He is among the most highly paid federal employees, earning about $400,000 a year, 
more than the vice president or the chief justice of the Supreme Court. He oversees a 
2020 budget of $4.75 billion, which is $769 million less than last year’s after being cut by 
the Trump administration.
Unflappable though Dr. Fauci may seem, the new coronavirus worries him, especially its 
spread in the Seattle area and the toll it is taking in a nursing home there. He said he 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 43 ---
711
thought it was still possible to stop the disease, but health authorities would have to know 
where it was to do that, and he said the lack of testing capacity was a huge obstacle.
Test kits sent by the C.D.C. to states were flawed, and it has taken weeks to begin 
replacing them. And strict regulations from the Food and Drug Administration hampered 
outside labs’ efforts to begin to do their own tests.
But Dr. Fauci declined to join the chorus of blame against the C.D.C.
“It’s so easy to play Monday morning quarterback,” he said. “Every element of the 
federal government was working full-speed to try to get this out and get things going.”
“What I really want to concentrate on is the idea of getting enough tests out there to get 
an evidence-based foundation of where we are in this country,” he said. “Seattle is of 
concern. We need to know the extent of the community spread.”
At times in the past, Dr. Frieden said, Dr. Fauci may have over-promised a bit in his 
enthusiasm for projects of his that have yet to pan out — an H.I.V. vaccine, and a 
universal flu vaccine that would provide long-lasting immunity to multiple strains so that 
people would not need another shot every year.
“It’s the role you have to play to get money from the Hill, and the role of a researcher to 
be eternally optimistic about a cure being around the corner,” Dr. Frieden said. “He’s 
very effective at asking for money from Congress.”
He is also a fair-minded colleague, Dr. Frieden added. During West Africa’s Ebola 
epidemic in 2014, after two nurses treating a patient who had traveled to the United 
States became infected, the C.D.C. was harshly criticized for not having helped hospitals 
to prepare better. Dr. Fauci did not pile on.
“Not everything we did was perfect,” said Dr. Frieden, who then headed the C.D.C. 
“There are many people in similar roles as Tony who might have taken advantage of that 
for the interest of their institution, and Tony was always honorable.”
“If we did something wrong he was frank about that,” he continued. “When we were 
getting attacked unfairly, he defended us. That’s very unusual behavior in the 
bureaucratic situation you see in Washington sometimes. I think that’s why Tony is so 
respected.”
During the early years of the AIDS epidemic, the U.S. government and its health 
agencies were a frequent target of criticism and protests, blamed for inaction on potential 
treatments and inadequate funding for research and medical care.
When AIDS activists demonstrated outside his institute in 1988, demanding a chance to 
try experimental drugs, Dr. Fauci surprised the leaders by inviting them into his office. 
He wound up working with them to develop new ways to expand access without 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 44 ---
712
compromising the clinical trials that were urgently needed to determine which drugs 
worked — an approach that was later applied to research in other diseases as well.
“There are a lot of world class scientists, but Tony has a special set of skills,” Ms. Shalala 
said. “An ability to communicate, high integrity and an understanding of politics — and 
to know to stay out of politics in order to protect scientists.”
Dr. Fauci acknowledged that his age puts him in one of the groups at highest risk for 
becoming severely ill from a coronavirus infection. But it has not slowed him down. He 
sleeps only about five hours a night, works most of his waking hours and jumps on the 
Metro to get around the Washington, D.C., area, from his office to the Capitol and the 
White House. Most days, he runs or power walks 3.5 miles.
“I’m not worried about myself,” he said. “I’m worried about the job I have to do.”
Andrew Jacobs contributed reporting. Alain Delaqueriere contributed research.
Disclaimer:  Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use 
provisions of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity.  It does not 
necessarily represent my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.
PRESS:  FOX Sunday with Chris Wallace; Meet the Press with Chuck Todd;  
Appeared on 60 Minutes (CBS) Special on coronavirus
Mar. 9, 2020 – 111,354/3892.  Stock market really crashing.  
Even though we are saying that 1.1 million tests are out there, and millions (4 mill this 
week) to follow, we still do not know how many tests have been performed and whether 
anyone can get a test who needs it.  hate to say it, but some incompetence at CDC/FDA.  
We are  geeting killed publicly by this vulnerability.   Am now told by CDC that we only 
have 1 million nasal swabs to collect the specimens.   And so now we have more tests 
than swabs!   And the limiting factor is the swabs.
Gov.  Cuomo calls me up and asks my advice on whether to close schools in the orthodox 
Jewish section of Westchester where they have 90 cases (more than rest of NYC).   I tell 
him yes.   He also asks about closing subways.   I tell him not yet, but let us stay tuned.
I will push for more surveillance testing.  Lab Corps and Quest
On phone call with VP and all the Govenors. I talk about protecting the vulmerables with 
co-morbidities, particularly among the elderly   I bring Cliff into the group on an almost 
fulltime basis.
Cases in 35 states.   >500 cases with 22 deaths
Priority 1 is to get people off the Grand Princess.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 45 ---
713
Had press conference.   POTUS came.  Had good conversation with him.   He is getting 
very crummy with me.   I sarcastically answered one of the persistent questions about the 
cruise ship issue by saying I personally would never get on a cruise ship.
PRESS:   CNN New Day with Alisyn Camerota and John Berman; FOX and 
Friends. 
Mar. 10, 2020 – 116,588/4090.  USA cases now 712. Deaths 29
Just signed off on a Level 3 State (“Reconsider Travel”) and a Level 3 CDC (“Avoid 
non-essential travel) for the European Schengen Area   This measn that all travelers from 
this area are required to enact a 14 day voluntary quarantine after arriving to USA.  Also 
will consider an INA Section 212(f) Proclamation banning travel to USA bu any foreign 
national, with limited exceptions,  who has been physically present in Italy in the last 14 
days
I  push hard with Jerome Adams to expand community mitigation.  One topic was 
whether there should be campaign rallies.   I insiste that we say all large crowds should 
be avoided.   Marc Short pushes back since the POTUS will be doing rallies.   Jerome and 
I continue to push.   I will say that the degree of stopping depends on the area of the 
country – Washingotn State (bad); Nebraska (probably OK).
Chris Liddell becoming a friend and encourages me to stick by my guns – good guy.
For better or worse, I am becoming an international celebrity.  Calls from all over the 
world.   
Am concerned a bit about my health.   Having total body pain and will again stop Crestor
Reports from Italy are really bad.   Running out of equipment and just letting the elderly 
and frail die without intervention.
Katie Miller defending my saying what is my opinion  based on good  public health 
principles despite others in the  VP’s staff wanting me to be a bit more politically 
sensitive, particularly around campaign rallies.  Katie wants to have me do ther “Fauci 5” 
this coming Sunday.
Chatted with Govenor DeSantis (R-FL) who was concerned that I said at Press 
conference today that Florida had community spread, when in fact Florida just had a big 
cluster.   He was correct, was nice on the phone call arranged by WH after he 
complained.   We came out with a statement correcting.
Spoke together with (Bob Redfield)with Nancy Pelosi at the request of VP to convince 
her to pass a bill to indemnify companies who make the surgical masks.   There are 2 
categories of masks: 1) medical, and 2) industry.   They are really the same with some 
very minor differences.  We do not have enough medical and so we want to sell the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 46 ---
714
industrial ones to medical use. The PREP act allows indemnification   The companies 
want indemnification to sell the industrial ones to medical.
PRESS:  NPR Morning Edition; FOX  Hannity
Mar. 11, 2020 – 121,098/4366.    >1000 cases in USA – 29 deaths (WHO numbers).
Congressional House Energy and Commerce Oversight and Reform Hearing today – 
Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) Chair
AMAZING DAY!!  Before Hearing we were told that the POTUS wanted me at the 
White House at 12:30 PM for a meeting about travel restrictions that we had been 
discussing and the Hearing was supposed to end at 12;30PM ..  I obviously had to leave 
at 11:45 AM.   I left. The chair and committee was very annoyed.   The twitter feed 
blasted that since I was being very forceful in saying that :”Things were going to get 
worse before they got better” and gave a very serious warning about what was ahead, that 
the POTUS yanked me out of the hearing (Amazing).. Multiple TV cameras and 
hundreds of camera clicks followed me out of the Rayburn Building as I had a car 
waiting for me to take me to the Oval Office.
The days discussions were historic.   I, Bob Redfield, Deb Birx and Azar argued and 
discussed for a couple of hours that we should retrict all travel from the Schengen 
countries (the 26 European countries) similar to what we did with China (see above).  
USCITS can come back but will be funneled through 1 of 13 airports and when they get 
here, they must self isolate fo 14 days.   Non-USCITs can only come if they had spent the 
last 14 days outside of the Schengen.   Reason was that 70% of all new global infections 
were in Europe (particularly Italy and France) and 30 of the 35 US States had infections 
that originated in Europe.   Level 3 travel to Europe – only essential travel
Steve Mnuchin and Larry Kudlow were against this since they felt it would cause a 
depression, not just a recession.   We went back and forth multiple times.   Jared Kushner 
and Bob O’Brien (NSC) weighed in with me and Bob/Deb.    
We went in and presented to the POTUS and he asked good questions, many of them to 
me.   He agreed and was clearly concerned more about the health of the American people 
than he was about the economy, which he said would recover.
We then went and asked the opinion of the CEOs of the major banks who were waiting 
for POTUS in the Cabinet room.  We did not them what we had alredy decide, but we 
asked them what they thought about travel restrictions.  They were favorably disposed.
Speech written mainly by Steve Miller with help from Jared Kuschner.  I helped in 
reviewing of the Speech which the POTUS gave at 9:00 PM from the Oval. POTUS 
writers took out some good stuff that I wanted in and kept in some stuff I did not like.   
However, in all it was a good speech.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 47 ---
715
The VP and I called Pelosi, Schumer, Mitch McConnel, and Kevin McCarthy to give 
them a heads up
After I went home and watched on TV, the CNN commentators (Chris Cuomo, Anderson 
Cooper, David Gergon, David Gregory) all discussed me as the adult in the room and the 
person wew should all trust.  
Finally, Nancy Pelosi called me at home and was enraged and yelled at me for about 25 
minutes saying that we left out the UK because of Trumps relationship with Boris 
Johnson.   She is completely incorrect.   UKwas not part of Schengen.   She did not care.   
She said that I have lost all of my credibility now by saying that I said this was a public 
health decision when it really was a political decision.   Terrible phone call!!!   I called up 
Olivia Troye (Assistant to VP) after the call and explained.   We will try to address this 
tomorrow.   Probably should get Steve Beigen (State) to explain Schengen to her.
PRESS:  WTOP Radio;   Clips of me all over all the news on multiple 
networks/cable.
Mar. 12, 2020 – 129,846/4931.  1267 cases in USA, 38 deaths.   Cases in 44 states.   
Italy continues to surge
Has House briefing in Capitol and Senate briefing in Dirksen.  Then continuation of 
House Energy and Commerce Hewaring from the other day with Malonet as Chair.   
Again, they hammered us about testing.  The Senators and Congressperrdsons were 
enraged, especially Patty Murry (D-WA).   Steve Redd during the briefings and Bob 
Redfield during the Hearing continued to be incoherent in explaining about the difficulty 
regarding testing the “Public health” system that the CDc set up works well in individual 
small numbes of patient/physician related requests.   However, it is not suited to mass 
screening.
Calls with Se. Joe Munchin (x2); Gov. Cuomo; Sen. Rick Scott (R-FL)
Very flattering article abpout me in the Washington Post by Karen Tumulty (see below) 
that explains the above:
Anthony Fauci fights outbreaks with the 
sledgehammer of truth
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 48 ---
716
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health, 
on Capitol Hill on Thursday. (Joshua Roberts/Reuters)
By 
Karen Tumulty 
Columnist
March 12, 2020 at 5:32 p.m. EDT
A virus that is deadly and little understood. An administration in deep denial. Anthony S. 
Fauci has been here before.
As the coronavirus epidemic escalates, the director of the National Institute of Allergy 
and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) has become a familiar media presence.
Fauci’s expertise and credibility shine against the contradictory and false messages 
coming out of President Trump. The administration has at times sounded more concerned 
with protecting the president politically than stopping the spread of a potentially lethal 
disease.
While Trump tries to play down the severity of a public health crisis that might affect his 
reelection prospects, Fauci has laid out the best assessment of the true danger in stark 
terms.
In testimony Wednesday on Capitol Hill, he warned that the coronavirus has a mortality 
rate 10 times as great as that of the flu, and refuted Trump’s rosy promise that a vaccine 
will be ready “in a fairly quick manner.” Fauci also said flatly that the government is 
“failing” when it comes to the urgent imperative of making widespread testing available.
The latest updates on the coronavirus
After federal officials gave lawmakers a briefing on Thursday, a frustrated Rep. Anna G. 
Eshoo (D-Calif.) told me: “Everything was wrapped in confusion. The only one who 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 49 ---
717
answers the questions — he not only gives the science, but then he says, let me explain 
this in pedestrian language — is Dr. Fauci.”
Then again, this is not the first time Fauci has found himself in the position of having to 
navigate a public health crisis fraught with political land mines. A renowned international 
expert on the immune system, Fauci took over NIAID in 1984, barely a year and a half 
after scientists had identified a mysterious retrovirus that was killing thousands of people.
It would be nearly another year before President Ronald Reagan would publicly utter the 
name of the disease it produced: AIDS. Reagan’s sluggish handling of the epidemic left 
one of the deepest scars on his legacy.
In 1986, Reagan’s surgeon general, C. Everett Koop, produced a report that described in 
graphic terms the potential toll of AIDS, projecting that 270,000 Americans might 
contract it by 1991. The report used explicit language, explaining that the disease was 
transmitted through “semen and vaginal fluids” and during “oral, anal and vaginal 
intercourse.”
Conservatives approved of some of what was in Koop’s document: It warned against 
“freewheeling casual sex,” and asserted that the surest means of preventing AIDS were 
through abstinence and monogamy. But they weren’t so happy with the surgeon general’s 
recommendation that condoms be used as a fallback.
Koop was concerned that his findings were being buried by the Reagan administration, so 
two years later, he and Fauci cooked up a bold idea: mailing an abridged version of his 
report to every single one of the 107 million households and postal boxes in the country.
The problem, however, was that the surgeon general lacked the budget to do it. As Fauci 
recounted to me during a 2018 interview, he told Koop: “You know, there is a 
mechanism called an interagency transfer.” Fauci had the authority to provide funds to 
get the project off the ground, because combating AIDS related to his own agency’s core 
mission.
Congress picked up the idea and ordered the largest mass mailing in U.S. history. It also 
stipulated that the seven-page brochure be “distributed without necessary clearance of the 
content by any official, organization or office” — in other words, that it not be edited to 
suit anyone’s political agenda.
In addition to being printed in English and Spanish, “Understanding AIDS” went out in 
Chinese, Portuguese, Haitian-Creole, Vietnamese, Laotian, Cambodian and Braille. It 
debunked many myths about the disease, for instance stating unequivocally that AIDS is 
not spread by mosquitoes, and could not be caught through casual contact with saliva, 
sweat or toilet seats.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 50 ---
718
Subsequent surveys found that nearly 87 million adults perused part or all of the booklet 
— making it the most widely read publication in the country in July 1988, with Reader’s 
Digest coming in a distant second with 48.5 million readers. 
Of course, there are many differences in scale and severity between the AIDS epidemic 
and the coronavirus threat. While most who contract coronavirus will recover, AIDS 
during the 1980s was a death sentence wrapped in stigma.
But as Fauci well understands, all infectious diseases have something in common: 
Accurate information is one of the most powerful weapons for fighting them.
Fauci has already shown how important it is to hit a microscopic enemy with a 
sledgehammer of truth. A yet-untold number of Americans will be betting their lives on 
him to do it again.
Looks like I may have Polymyalgia Rheumatica or really bad Crestor myalgia
PRESS:  On Pebble Beach at the White House after the TF meeting:   ABC Evening 
News; CBS Evening News; NBC Evening News;   Then, I did a gaggle of 5 questions 
on Pebble Beach;  CNN Coronavirus Town Hall with Sanjay Guptya and Anderson 
Cooper;
Mar. 213, 2020 – 132,382/4981    USA 1694    Deaths.  Primary health care facilities.   
Hot areas – WA, CA, MA, NYC
I thought that it would be a quiet day since the TF meeting was called off.  However, at 
2:00 PM, I was called down to the White House since the POTUS wanted me next to him 
at the podium of the Rose Garden as he made the announcement of deckaring at 
“National Emergency” which would give him and the Secretary of HHS the power to 
remove many constraints in  response to a national emergency. Also on the podium were 
the CEOs of the major private sector companies that would make tests readily available – 
CVS, Target, Walmart, etc.  I was at the posium and answered many questions of the 
press in the Rose Garden.   I will be on the 5 Sunday Showes  2 days from now (The 
“Fauci Five”).  Prior to that, I was involved in helping to proof the speech he would give.   
There were some glaring errors in the speech that I corrected.   Got to meet Hope Hicks 
who was very nice.   Jared is playing a major role in all of this.
After the presser the White House people showe me a minute by minute graph of the 
stock markert from the time the POTUS went to the podium and it went down to the 45 
minutes of the speech and questions.   The DOW went up in 45 minutes 1980 points, 
which was the greatest single increase in the market in history.   The POTUS signed a 
copy of the graph for me and several of the CEOs
My tooth crown fell out in flossing this AM and Dr. Eric Hosaka so nicely fixed it for me 
right away 2 hours after I called him Also, got and MRI for my leg pain.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 51 ---
719
Alex Azar is obviously being pushed aside as he played a very minor role in the Rose 
garden Presser.
PRESS:  MSNBC Morning Joe; GMA (ABC);CBS The Morning; FOX and Friends;  
BBC World News; Rose Garden Presser with many cameras.
Mar. 14, 2020 (Saturday)  -  CDC numbers (less than WHO numbers.  142,320/5388.   
129 countries involved.   China numbers going way down – only 11 new infections.   
Koreaa flattening out.   USA – 2226 cases, 50 deaths, 532 new cases.
POTUS came into the TF meeting with “USA” baseball cap on.   We spent a lot of time 
talking about “ratings’ of yesterday’s press conference and its effect on the stock market.   
He dwelled on doing more press conferences and how the ratings would be even better 
than the best fake news TV ratings.   He made the right decisions about now doing travel 
restrictions in UK + Ireland and so what I ma seeing is someone who actually makes 
decision that are bestr for the public health since he follows what the TF recommends 
(driven by me and Deb and CDC) but his public expression and even private expression 
is related to the fluff of ratings and publicity.   And so he wants us to do 2 press 
conferences/day – one in AM and one in PM.  Really interesting.  We now will have no 
time to do work.
Hope Hicks seems as uncomfortable with this as I am.  I see her as a future ally.  POTUS 
Did press conference and Alex Azar was not invited in  order to make room for 
“diversity” on the podium with Ben Carson and Jerome Adams.   Death by a 1000 cuts 
for Azar.   I volunteered to Alex that in my introduction I would mention that the 
Declaration of Natuonal Emergency gacve Azar as Secertary enormous powers and 
flexibility to unshackle our response.   I did so.
Mahor positive profile of me in The Atlantic yesterday (03/13/2020)  
https://www.theatlantic.com/notes/2020/03/time-capsule-2-exceptional-dr-
fauci/607957/?utm_campaign=share&utm_medium=email&utm_source=a  (see below):
As of today, March 13, 2020—three-plus years into the current 
administration, three months into public awareness of the 
coronavirus spread, seven-plus months until before the next 
election—Anthony Fauci is playing a role in which no previous 
Trump-era figure has survived.
One other person has been in the spot Fauci now occupies. That is, of 
course, James Mattis, the retired four-star Marine Corps general and 
former secretary of defense for Trump. Former is the key word here, 
and the question is whether the change in circumstances between 
Mattis’s time and Fauci’s—the public nature of this emergency, the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 52 ---
720
greater proximity of upcoming elections, the apparent verdict from 
financial markets and both international and domestic leaders that 
Donald Trump is in deep over his head—will give Fauci the greater 
leverage he needs, not just to stay at work but also to steer policy 
away from the abyss.
Why is Anthony Fauci now, even more than James Mattis before him, 
in a different position from any other publicly visible associate of 
Trump’s?
1. Pre-Trump credibility, connections, and respect . Fauci has been 
head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases, at the National Institutes of Health, since Ronald 
Reagan’s first term, in 1984. (How can he have held the post so 
long? Although nothing in his look or bearing would suggest it, 
Fauci is older than either Bernie Sanders or Joe Biden. He 
recently turned 79.)
Through his long tenure at NIH, which spanned the early days 
of the HIV/AIDS devastation and later experience with the 
SARS and H1N1 epidemics, Fauci has become a very familiar 
“public face of science,” explaining at congressional hearings 
and in TV and radio interviews how Americans should think 
about the latest threat. He has managed to stay apart from any 
era’s partisan-political death struggles. He has received a raft of 
scientific and civic honors, from the Lasker Award for health 
leadership, to the Presidential Medal of Freedom, awarded by 
George W. Bush.
Thus, in contrast to virtually all the other figures with whom 
Trump has surrounded himself, Fauci is by any objective 
standard the best person for the job — and is universally seen 
as such . This distinguishes him from people Trump has favored 
in his own coterie, from longtime consigliere Michael Cohen to 
longtime ally Roger Stone to longtime personal 
physician Harold Bornstein; and from past and present 
members of his White House staff, like the departed Michael 
Flynn and the returned Hope Hicks and the sempiternal Jared 
Kushner; and fish-out-of-water Cabinet appointees, like (to 
pick one) the neurosurgeon Ben Carson as Secretary of Housing 
and Urban Development.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 53 ---
721
Put another way: Very plainly, Trump needs Fauci more than 
Fauci needs Trump. This is not a position Donald Trump has 
ever felt comfortable in— witness the denouement with Mattis.
  
2. The ability not to abase himself before Trump . The first Cabinet 
meeting Donald Trump held, nearly three years ago, was unlike 
any other conducted in U.S. history, and very much like 
subsequent public appearance of Trump in company with his 
appointees.
In that meeting, on June 12, 2017, as TV cameras were rolling, 
Trump went around the table and one-by-one had his 
appointees gush about how kind, wise, and far-sighted he was—
failing only to compliment him on his humility. (Tina 
Nguyen described the meeting at the time in Vanity Fair .) After 
praising himself, Trump called on others to praise him, starting 
with the reliable Mike Pence. “It is the greatest privilege of my 
life to serve as the vice president to a president who is keeping 
his word to the American people,” Pence began. All the others 
followed his example—with the prominent exception of Mattis. 
He spent his “praise” time instead complimenting the men and 
women in uniform he led.
No public event like that Cabinet meeting had happened before 
in the United States, simply because no other president has 
been as needy for in-public  adulation as Trump is. Of course 
most politicians and all presidents are needy; you could not run 
for the presidency if you had a normal temperament. 
(Background reading on this point, while you’re “socially 
isolating”: Robert Penn Warren’s All the King’s Men.) Every 
political leader eats up the praise in private—“Wonderful job 
today, Mr. President—you were really connecting!”, not to 
mention Veep—but all the rest of them have been savvy enough 
to know how tacky this looks in public. The modern exception-
illustrating-the-rule might have been Lyndon Johnson, with 
enough of the Sun King in his makeup to enjoy having 
people humble themselves before him. But holding a public 
adulation-fest? If George W. Bush had heard, say, Karl Rove 
start in that way, he would likely have said, “OK, Turd Blossom, 
what are you angling for?” Barack Obama—or John F. Kennedy, 
or Jimmy Carter— would have arched an eyebrow as if to ask, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 54 ---
722
“Hey, did you think you were still playing in the minors?”
But what we saw in that Cabinet meeting, we have seen again 
and again from those around Trump. The most humiliating 
recent examples come from the people in charge of the 
coronavirus response: Pence again; Alex Azar, head of Health 
and Human Services; Robert Redfield, head of the Centers for 
Disease Control; and Seema Verma, in charge of Medicare and 
Medicaid. The beginnings and endings of their public 
statements, and the answers to many questions, are larded with 
praise for Trump and his “decisive and visionary action.” (For 
the latest example, see Verma under questioning from Martha 
MacCallum of Fox News. Verma repeatedly dodges 
MacCallum’s direct question about whether hospitals have 
enough ventilators and other supplies (as Fred Barbash laid 
out in the Washington Post . MacCallum makes one last try—
and Verma seeks refuge in saying, “And that’s why the 
president has taken such a bold and decisive action.” That claim 
made no logical sense to MacCallum or the listeners, but it 
reflected the inescapable logic of what is expected from 
members of the Court of Trump.)
There is one exception: Anthony Fauci. He has occasionally said 
that he agrees with aspects of the administration’s or the 
president’s policies, but he has avoided the ritual self-
abnegation. Of course Fauci held his job long before Trump 
came to town, and is not part of the normal round of high-level 
appointments each new administration makes. (To the best of 
my knowledge, though, directors of NIH institutes, like Fauci, 
serve “at the pleasure of the president” and so could be 
removed. If I’m wrong on that, will update. Update: Several 
NIH veterans have written in to say that Fauci’s position is 
officially different from that of the NIH director, and is not 
directly a presidential-political appointment. Recent history 
teaches that a vindictive president can make things difficult 
even for career civil servants. But I am grateful for the 
clarification. )
But Fauci’s polite but consistent reluctance to grovel cannot 
have gone unnoticed by the audience-of-one for all the other 
appointees: Trump himself.
  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 55 ---
723
3. Daring to contradict Trump, in public . This is a step beyond 
anything Mattis attempted. Through the first two years of the 
administration, background-sourced stories and reports based 
on “those in a position to know the Secretary’s thinking” laid 
out the increasing distance between Mattis’s view of American 
interests and what Trump was saying and doing.
But there is no precedent, from Mattis or anyone else, for what 
we have seen these past few weeks from Fauci at the podium. Is 
the coronavirus problem just going to go away (as Trump had 
claimed)? No, from Fauci. It is serious, and it is going to get 
worse. Is the testing system “perfect” (as Trump had 
claimed)? No, it is not working as it should . Is the U.S. once 
again the greatest of all nations in its response to the 
threat? No, it is behind in crucial aspects, and has much to 
learn from others.
Fauci is saying all these things politely and respectfully. As an 
experienced Washington operator he knows that there is no 
reason to begin an answer with, “The president is wrong.” You 
just skip to the next sentence, “The reality is...” But his 
meaning—“the president is wrong”—is unmistakable.
Anthony Fauci has earned the presumption-of-credibility for 
his comments. Donald Trump has earned the presumption that 
he is lying or confused. A year ago that standoff—the realities, 
versus Trump-world obeisance—worked out against James 
Mattis. Will the balance of forces be different for Fauci? As of 
this writing, no one can know.
PRESS: Press conference in WH press room; The Atlantic (see above)
Mar. 15, 2020 (Sunday) – BIG DAY!
142,539/       USA = 2888 with 58 deaths and 662 new
I did all 5 Sunday Shows today (my 3rd Fauci 5”) with This Week on ABC, Meet the 
Press on NBC, Face the Nation on CBS, FOX with Chris Wallace and CNN.   All went 
very well
Had press conference at White House.  POTUS made intro and then left for us to take 
Questions.  Brett Giroir brought a bunch of USPHS officers with their dark blue work 
uniforms and told the press how great they are.   I spent an hour before the press briefing 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 56 ---
724
in the VP’s office.   In preparing for the briefing which was geared to rolling out the high 
throughput tests in collaboration with the States and the private sector that will be 
operational in the next day or so, they wanted to spin it that this was unprecedented that 
no one has ever done this so quickly.   Deb did not speak up which shows me that she is 
really inhibited by her Presidential appointee status.   A little shame on her.   I spoke up 
and said that several countries have already done what we are talking about, i.e. China, 
South Korea and so why not stop bragging and just say that we are entering a new phase 
of our response to COVID-19, i.e. a much more expansive testing capability.  Hope Hicks 
and Jared Kuschner were my allies in this and both seem to now want to make sure that I 
am involved in everything and approve everything.
The POTUS came in and misunderstood thinking that we (the USG) would be 
implementing the testing.  He was pissed.  Brett and VP corrected him.   However, he 
remained in a bad mood.  He then said that he wanted to show his face and make some 
remarks without Qs and As at the briefing.   Hope felt this was dangerous and said he 
should not do it.   He started to berate Hope in front of everyone say that he became 
president because he was good and dealing with the public and was pissed that Hope was 
trying to tell him what he could or could not do.
I spoke with Bill de Blasio (Mayor – NYC) and convinced him based on what I was 
saying publicly and my conversation tonight to close the NYC schools (he had already 
decided based on what I was saying on TV).   I went on to tell him he should close the 
bars and restaurants in NYC.   He said that he would base this on my recommendation.
I had a similar call with Ann O’Leary, the COS of Gov. Gavin Newsom of California.   
Ann said that based on my TV appearances today and yesterday, the Governor has 
decided to close the schools in California as well as the bars and restaurants.
When I left the WH and crossed Pennsylvania and 17th Street, several cars honked their 
horns and shouted “thank you” out the window.
Congress (Blount) call and wants to give us a lot more in a 2nr supplement.
Mar. 16, 2020 – Came out with the guidelines that reflected my pushing for a more 
aggressive mitigation 15 day strategy →  If you are elderly, self-isolate; do not 
congregate in groups >10 people; stay away from bars, restaurants, theaters, sporting 
events;  if a community has community spread CLOSE the bars, restaurants and places of 
congregation; close schools where there is community spread; no visitors to nursing 
homes; if family member is  sick, others in family should take extra percautions; only 
necessary travel, telework as much as possible.
Press conference after was highly attended.   Stock market dropped byu 3000 points, the 
biggest percentage drop in history.
PRESS: ABC 20/20 coronavirus special with David Muir;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 57 ---
725
Mar. 17, 2020 – 168,000/6700; 151 countries; USA 4529 cases (903 news); 84 deaths 
(16 new).   At TF discussed supply chain issues; also testing still somewhat of an issue.
Press conference with POTUS.   He is now coming around (largely through my efforts) to 
say thatr this is really a serious problem, but he still always brags about how well we are 
doing as opposed to emohasizing the challenges ahead.   I gave some support to Gov. 
Cuomo during a question of me.  
Issue arising of clains from France that hydroxychloroquine is effective in decreasing 
the duration of viral shedding and also is used as a prophylaxis in exposed people.   All 
uncontrolled studies.
PRESS: Press conference after TF.   I was featured heavily in the presser; FOX with 
Laura Ingraham;  Sean Hannity Radio; Barstool Sports Podcast
Mar. 18, 2020 – WH wanted me to not wear myself out.   Have had private car and 
driver since Mar. 13 (Friday).   I will stay at NIH today and do some press tonight from 
truck at home.   Very positive press with Laura Ingraham on FOX last night
My diagnosis of PMR really bothering me.  Will start on prednisone today.
On WHO call, Dale Fisher (Australian working in Singapore) gave warning to other 
countries that after you lift the lock down, be prepared for a rebound and use the lock-
down period to stock up on supplies, prepare alternative hospitals (gyms, schools, etc.) 
preserve PPE and not use them for unnecessary things.   Also, from Italy, 12% of ICU 
patinets were 19-50 years od and ~30% were 50-70 yo; 50% of French patienets in ICU 
are under 60 yo.
Bloomberg report on March 18 (Tommaso Ebhardt et al) said that in Italy 99% of thois 
who died had “othe illness”.   However, 75% of these had hypertension.   These latter 
must have been on anti-hypertensive meds and so the issue of ACE inhibitors absolutely 
must be pursued.
On TF call we discussed the Defense Production Act and a possible EO.   Also, the VP 
said over the phone that he wanted me at the Pressor today and Katie (good for her) 
pushed back and said that I should stay at NIH.   VP looked surprised.   Probably will 
hear more about this.   
Also, at TF meeting they decided to fully embrace FEMA and make a big announcement 
about that with the POTUS today.
New York City and State are facing a “Sophie’s Choice” regarding PPE.   They are very 
low and they have to make a decision of using PPE for testing versus giving to HCWs 
who are taking care of patients.   Obviously, it goes to HCWs, but that will interfer with 
testing.   This was related to me by phone call with Peter Staley, Mark Harrington, and 
James Krellerstein.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 58 ---
726
Also, had phone call with Major de Blasio who wants to go to “shelter in place for the 
entire city.   He is asking my advice since Gov. Cuomo is pushing back.   I advised 
DeBlasio to go ahead and do it.   I will try to speak with Cuomo.
POTUS called me up from Oval.   He has Alex Azar, Steve Hahn, Bob Redfield Scott 
Gottlieb, and Deb Birx in the office with the usual WH crowd.   They want me in on the 
discussion.   A friend of POTUS (Tom Ellison of Ellison Foundation ?) said that he 
heards that someone gave Hydroxychloroquine (HC) to 51 people and 51 got better. 
POTUS has heard similar stories, including Remdesivir (R) about other drugs and wants 
to make these available.   To my amazement and dismay, Azar said that he could approve 
HC and Remdesivir now with the powers that he has.   Steve Hahn and to some extent 
Deb and Bob started to chime in that this would give people hope.   I took a deep breath 
and said that this was wrong and should not be done.   If you want expanded access (EA) 
of HC which is an approved drug, you can do it in an EA protocol and still get wide 
distribution and possibly learn something.   I stated that with R it is different since this 
was not approved.   In the chorus of eeveryone agreeing with the POTUS that we need to 
give hope to people, I insisted that we can do both, but in the context of a trial.   To his 
credit, POTUS agreed with me as long as we get the drugs out there.   They wanted to 
announce this today, but I convinced them to do so tomorrow when I am there.   Below is 
an e-mail that I sent right after the conversation:
From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
Sent: Wednesday, March 18, 2020 2:27 PM
To: Redfield, Robert R. (CDC/OD) <olx1@cdc.gov>; Stephen Hahn 
<SH1@fda.hhs.gov>; Birx, Deborah L. EOP/NSC <Deborah.L.Birx@nsc.eop.gov>
Cc: clane@niaid.nih.gov; Troye, Olivia EOP/NSC <Olivia.Troye@nsc.eop.gov>; Short, 
Marc T. EOP/OVP <Marc.T.Short@ovp.eop.gov>; Miller, Katie R. EOP/OVP 
<Katie.R.Miller@ovp.eop.gov>; Hicks, Hope C. EOP/WHO <Hope@who.eop.gov>; 
kellyanne conway <Kellyanne.e.conway@who.eop.gov>
Subject: Follow-up of today's conversation
Folks:
     When we put together the proposal for the protocols/distribution of 
Hydroxychloroquine (HC) and Remdesivir, I feel that it is important that we 
do not make the program the same for each.   We need to link Remdesivir to 
a much more strict protocol as opposed to HC which is an approved drug 
and although it has some adverse events, we have tons of experience with 
it.  I am comfortable with the HC plan as discussed in the Oval.    In 
contrast, we know much less about the unapproved drug Remdesivir.   I have 
more concern about the potential toxicities of this unapproved, 
investigational drug in the context of COVID-19 as well as the need to prove 
that it works before we widely distribute it.   The bulk of the data that we 
have with Remdesivir is in Ebola where it did not have a clear benefit.  We 
should consider leading with HC in a flexible distribution protocol and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 59 ---
727
accelerating the clinical trial aspect of Remdesivir.   Also, we clearly need to 
have a discussion with Gilead about drug supply and the plan for any 
accelerated study.  Finally, and importantly, the Chinese already have a 
clinical trial of Remdesivir with more than 200 people enrolled in the 
advanced disease arm of the study.   Someone should directly contact the 
Chinese investigators (Bin Cao, et al) and find out if they have any 
preliminary data on efficacy and safety.  In my mind it is imperative that we 
find out what they know before we launch any distribution program. Happy 
to discuss.
Thanks,
Tony
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
PRESS: Dave Webb Radio Show; Mike Gallagher Show; FOX Tucker Carlson; 
CNN Cuomo Prime Time;
Mar. 19, 2020 - >200,000/~10,000; USA – 9026/150; 2900 new.   Italy >31,000 
In the USA testing:  ~70,000 tests with ~10% positive
Met yet again with POTUS right before the press conference, which did not include me 
since it was predominantly an FDA issue with Steve Hahn.  POTUS excited about 
making drugs (Chloroquine, Remdesivir, etc.) more accessible.  Therapy was the theme 
of the day.  They actually were going to go too far (see above) and make them all 
available on compassionate use.  I convinced them not to.   POTUS was hot to give out 
chloroquine or hydroxychloroquine since Jeff Ellison thinks that it is a great drug.  Steve 
Hahn did a good job in stressing the need for safety and efficacy data.
Katie Miller and Kelly Love are trying to not overload me and particularly Katie is 
sensitive to my time.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 60 ---
728
Call with Gilead regarding remdesivir studies and supply
PRESS:  Marc Levin Radio; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff; Facebook with 
Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan; CNN Town Hall with Anderson Cooper and 
Sanjay Gupta; NBC Evening News with Lester Holt
Mar. 20, 2020 – Another day at the WH.   Important TF meeting and press conference.   
During the day, Gov. Cuomo had a press conference that he wanted me on to join him, 
but I could not since I did not want to do a press conference outside of USG and the 
WGH would not let me do it anyway.   Cuomo took a gigantic step forward.  90% of 
the new infections in the USA are now coming from NYC and Westchecter, but mostly 
NYC.   Cuomo is essentially shutting down all non-essential activity in the city..  100% 
of non-essential workers must stay at home and not intermingle.  I strongly praised 
Cuomo for doing this at the Presser after the TF.
We met with the POTUS (as usual) in the Oval.   The theme of the presser will be the fact 
that we are now having only essential travel to Canada and Mexico, and 
IMPORTANTLY, no aliean/immigrants can enter the countrywithout proper papers from 
Canada or Mexico, although the order is clearly aimed at Mexico.   The rationale is that 
we are shutting down entry to USA from China, South Korea, Iran, Europe and 
UK/Ireland and yet people from these same countries are crossing over from Mexico.   If 
some are infected and we take them in, we put them in facilities including with 
unattended children, we could have another cruise ship situation.   The decision relly was 
a public health decision.
LAST NIGHT, Katie and Steve miller called me up and explained why the CDC order to 
do this was given (CDC was essentially told by state and DHS to do it).  They wanted my 
support to emphasize that this was a pubic health decision and not an anti-immigrant 
decision.   I believe that they have a good point.
During the presser, the reporters continued to ask me about the free distribution of 
Hyrdoxycholorquine (HC) , which the POTUS wants, and my statements that the 
evidence to do this is purely anecdotal and there is no convincing evidence by an RCT 
that either HC ro remdesivir works.   After the presser the press went wild saying how I 
again contradicted the POTUS and I received hundreds of e-ails of people thanking me, 
even though I did not intend to or like the idea of contradicting POTUS, but I need to 
stick with the science.  They also had a tweet that went viral of me holding me head 
seemingly in disgust as the POTUS was talking.   That wa not my intention.
Most important part of the day and disturbing was my conversation with Mark Meadows 
and Marc Short together with Deb Birx   Meadows praised me for a while and then got to 
the point.   He wants me to consider the tone that I say that HC has no evidence of 
efficacy.   I told him that I cannot compromise my scientific principles.   Tough 
conversation.   He wa being a gentleman, but he wanted me to go to a place that I would 
not go.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 61 ---
729
Even more disturbing was the conversation where he wanted me to support the idea of 
lifting the mitigation restrictions after the 125 dya periods since if we do not do this, 
Mark fees thatwe will trigger a depression (not just a recession).   Mark Short agreed with 
him, but seemed much more sensitive to the fact that I did not want to get into that kind 
of situation that would use my credibility to sell an economic and a political issue.   After 
I left the office, Mark Meadows called my cell and said that afterhe looks at some 
modelling, he would like to sit down with me and figure out how we can resolve this 
issue.   He did ask me directy, if I thought we needed to extend the mitigation program 
beyond 15 days and I said yes.   He seemed to accept that.   There certainly is more 
ahead.   I called a meeting at my house with Cliff lane, Chrsitine and me to discuss how 
to handle this as we go forward.   I cannot and will not compromise  acting on my good 
judgment.   However, I can understand Marks dilemma with the economy.   There will be 
more discuss.
Also, had conversation by phone with Governor John Bell Edwards of Louisiana who has 
~400 cases in NOLA and wants my advice about how aggressive he should be and maybe 
copy NYC.   He has already closed all the bars and restuarants.  I told him to look at the 
inflection of the curve over the next day or so and contact his Commissione of Health.   It 
the curve is steep, he should consider mandating only essential work and everyone else 
stays homw, but not quite yet.
Also, Petrer Staley, Mark Harrington, James Krellenstein and others called late at night 
and told me that they had a bad situation in NYC where the desire to do many tests was 
eating up PPEs that were needed by HCWs who were taking care of COVID-19 patients.   
The implored me to speak out that ony necessary testing should be done, i.e. on 
hospitalized patient and those with sxs not in hospital, and not just anyone who wants a 
test.   They sounded desparate that NYC would un out of PPEs within the next 7 days.   I 
will bring this up to TF tomorrow.
PRESS:  CBS Evening News with Norah O’Donnell; FOX with Bill Hemmer;  WH 
Press Conference; Major Washington Post Profile on me
May 21, 2020 – Global 234,100 – new 24,200; deaths 9800
Italy 3,400 deaths, now surpassed China
USA – 19,300; new 5300; deaths 272 (73 new)
At task force meeting I stressed the problem about the PPEs being diverting to testing as 
opposed to HCWs.  I also emphasized this strongly at the subsequent press conference.   
Again, we met with POTUS after the TF meeting and in preparation for the presser.   
Very good press conference.
Big front page article abut me appeared in the Washington Post.   Very flattering.   The 
situation with my national and international fame is explosive and really unimaginable.   
It is not hyoperbole to say that today I am the most famous and talked about person in the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 62 ---
730
country and one of the most recognizable peson in the world.   Countless profiles on me 
in multiple media.  I cannot even read all the things that are written abuyt me since I am 
so busy….seriously. POTUS seems to be enamored of me even though I am taking the 
spotlight away from him.   We are developing a very unique and interesting relationship.  
The entire secret service corps is coming over to me and chatting.   They let me into the 
first gate without even checking ID.   Everyone is worried about my health and welfare, 
probably because it is all over the place that I am almost 80 years old.
PRESS:  WH press conference picked up by many outlets.  Many print profiles and 
features on me.   Ridiculous – too numeous to count!
Mar. 22, 2020 (Sunday)– Cases continue to soar. 30,000 in USA with 400 deaths;   Italy 
still escalating.   My please to the TF regarding needing desparately to get PPEs and other 
supplies to NYC seems to be working since FEMA in pusing stuff to them.  
250,000 tests now done not counting those from hospitals and medical centers
Press is going wild with me.   Front page in Washintgton Post yesterday and Op Ed by 
Maureen Dowd in NY Times today about me and my relationship with the POTUS.   
Profile by Peter Nicholas on me in The Atlantic.  I am trying in several articles and on TV 
to clarify that the POTUS is tsalking about hope for therapies although there are no good 
data, while I must stick to the science and so fundamentally we are approaching this from 
different, but not conflicting standpoints.   The press are crucifying the POTUS for “not 
listening to me and making crazy statements about “game-changing” therapies and 
praising me fot stivking to my guns.
ORACLE (Larry Ellison – a bit of a loose cannon) .   Mark Meadows wants CDC, FDA 
and me to help put together by 5:00 PM tomorrow an on line site for tracking availability 
of drugs like Hyroxychloroquine and Remdesivir and making these drugs available via a 
physician.   Bad idea, but it will happen.  I will go with this as long as it does not interfere 
with the conduct of RCTs.   Cliff Lane helping out but employing NLM and NCATS 
people.  I am giving him full authority since I have absolutely no extra time given what I 
am doing already.
Also, Jared and Mark are very skeptical about the CDC modesl about the trajectory of the 
outbreak and what can be predicted regarding timing of modification of the mitigation.   
They want to see the data before they believe the models and get CDC out of the business 
of doing this alone and making policy – good for them – it is about time.   I am getting 
Cliff to get MIDAS people in on this.
Press conference  (I did not attend) after the virtual TF meeting.   POTUS went into detail 
with very granular numbers of all the things USG (mostly FEMA) is doing regarding 
sending masks, PPE, other equipment to high risk locations (Washingto State, CA, NYC, 
etc.)   On TV programs, FEMA Pete Gaynor did not look good since he did not have any 
idea how many ventilators and other equipment was available.  POTUS went on and on 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 63 ---
731
about all the things that we are doing. Very rambling and disorganized as he ad libs his 
speech  I would have advised against this, since we are still getting calls that many 
locations do not have enough of anything.   Also, they are talking about the now hundreds 
of thousands of tests that are out there  and being done.   However,as I have always said, 
testing for the sake of testing without  reason only consumes PPEs of the people 
administering the tests.
Looking at the presser from home on computer has made it clear how self-congratulatory 
the POTUS, VP and others appear on the stage.
Title 42 enacted – use of National Guard to help.
Role out of telemedicine without reguations so that people do not have to leave the house 
to interact with their physician.
A lot of promises – I hope we can back them up.
PRESS:  CBS Face the Nation with Margaret Brennan; Multiple print features
May 23, 2020 – Global 292,000/12,800; new cases – 26,000;  USA 33,300/391;  new 
cases 6800.  Cases in USA went up overnight by 20%.   Bad news.
Got copy of proposed POTUS press conference speech for this afternoon.   I objected 
sharply to the ststament that the ORACLE system (see above) will be able to follow 
every coronavirus patient in the country starting in 2 days (Wed).   This is logistically 
impossible and I surely will clash with WH people, particularly Mark Meadows.   He is a 
good guy, but wedded to this.
They are pushing to get HC out and we really need to do it under and IND and a protocol.   
Much tension between me (also Steve Hahn, Cliff Lane) and the White House (Meadows 
et al)
Apparently the WH is very upset that I am being profiled and it looks like I am putting 
down the POTUS and becoming a star that outshines him.   The press is playing into this 
as is the tweet storm.   Very stressful!!
Had improatnt and good meeting with Marc Short (VP- COS) and explained that 3 of the 
5 profiles of me were without even interviewing me.   The others started as inteviews and 
wound up as Profiles (Science – Jon Cohen, The New York Times - Maureen Dowd).  The 
profiles always pit me (the good guy) against the POTUS (the bad guy).   I explained to 
Mardc that I have no desire to conflict with, embarrass or show up the POTUS.  He 
completely understood the situation that I was in and was very sympathetic.   I told him 
that I would not do anymore profiles.
Very important meeting in the Oval Office with the POTUS, Deb Birx, Jared Kushner, 
Mark Meadows, the VP and Marc Short about the timing of liftinbg the mitigation 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 64 ---
732
guidelines and telling people to come back to work since if we go much longer, the 
economy will definitely will tank and more damage to health might occur not to mention 
civil violence.   He wnted to lift everything by Easter Sunday (April 12).   I pushed back 
heavily saying we need to model out how to do this in segments and not just declare 
“Opening Day”.
POTUS at press conference has essentially said he is going to open up the country.   Did 
not say when, but hinted it was a few weeks at most.  Getting calls at home from  many 
people wanting tomknow what I think.   I am nit anwering most.   Spoke with Gov. 
Cuomo who is concerned about me and the position I am in.   Also, spoke with Chris 
Cuomo who feels the same.
Amazing firestorm about me on TV tonight with Chris Cuomo, Don Lemon and 
others, wanting to know why I was not at the presser.   Chris is being wonderful about 
saying that the press should not use Fauci as a foil against the POTUS.   We need Fauci 
and we are putting him in a terrible position by pitting him against the POTUS. 
PRESS: Several print profiles;   Mentioned all night on TV (see above)
Mar. 24, 2020 – 392,000/17,000; 45,000/550 in USA.  Cases still soaring in NYC.
COVID Cases 
3.24.20 powerpoint 
Incredible intrigue going on with people (likely WH staff) feeding total lies to media 
about the frayed relstionship between me and the POTUS.  This is really bad stuff.   I am 
getting calls from media (Reuters) saying that a source told them that the POTUS was 
screaming at me and being abusive about the issue of HC treatments.   Total nonsense.
See below.   Typical of many aryicles over the past few days:
In order to save Dr. Fauci, we must 
destroy him
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of 
Allergy and Infectious Diseases, is a study of calm and 
competence in the middle of a pandemic. Which makes 
him an endangered species, working as he does for a 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 65 ---
733
boss who is notoriously insecure and made his name 
shouting “You’re fired!” on a reality TV show.
By Kevin Cullen Globe Columnist,Updated March 23, 2020, 5:25 p.m.
209
Dr. Anthony 
Fauci’s calm, reassuring competence in response to the coronavirus pandemic is placing 
him at serious risk of hearing the words that made his boss famous: You’re fired.Jabin 
Botsford/The Washington Post
Dr. Anthony Fauci  is a bum.
A quack, a snake oil salesman.
He got his degrees online, not from Holy Cross and Cornell.
He watches Wheel of Fortune but not Jeopardy.
He’s a Yankees fan.
Such character assassination is unsavory but necessary because Fauci’s calm, reassuring 
competence in response to the coronavirus pandemic is placing him at serious risk of 
hearing the words that made his boss famous: You’re fired.
President Trump is watching and listening to the same thing we are, i.e., Fauci going to 
the podium to rebut with facts the latest outbreak of paranoid anxiety or the president’s 
regularly reckless statements .
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 66 ---
734
Fauci is an oasis of rigor and reason in a barren desert of confusion and fear.
Which, given who he works for, makes him an endangered species.
During the Vietnam War, some US Army officer supposedly suggested that in order to 
save a village from the Vietcong they had to destroy it.
And so, to save Dr. Fauci, we must destroy him — at least in Trump’s eyes.
Now that might sound crazy, but we’re dealing with a crazy president in crazy 
circumstances.
It’s not as if there’s no relevant precedent here.
Two words: Bill Bratton.
Two other words: Rudy Giuliani. Who happens to be Trump’s BFF.
Before Giuliani grew old, deranged, and more qualified to be a spokesman for Miracle 
Ear than the president’s lawyer, he was the reform-minded mayor of New York City.
Rudy rode into Dodge, which is what Times Square resembled at the time, and vowed to 
clean it up. His hand-picked sheriff was Dorchester’s own Bill Bratton.
As police commissioner, Bratton did much to stem violent crime in the nation’s biggest 
city, but even more remarkably got his cops to reduce the incidence of more minor, so-
called quality of life crimes that had made New York less livable, from the tony sections 
of Manhattan to the Tony Fauci sections of Brooklyn.
Bratton did his job too well. He ended up on the cover of Time magazine, hailed as the 
guy who pulled the worm out of the Big Apple. He became more popular than the mayor.
This drove Giuliani nuts. Rudy had to be the smartest guy in the room, had to get all the 
credit. Sound familiar?
So Bratton had to go .
That wasn’t Bratton’s first rodeo. Long before he landed in New York, he became the 
face of progressive, modern policing in his hometown, the youngest-ever Boston Police 
superintendent. Police Commissioner Joe Jordan resented his overly-ambitious No. 2 so 
he busted Bratton .
The point is, insecure bosses don’t like being shown up by smarter, more competent 
subordinates. Small men make big mistakes.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 67 ---
735
It may be too late  to save Fauci. He just got the star treatment from Maureen Dowd  
in The New York Times.
There used to be a thing called the Sports Illustrated curse, that after an athlete appeared 
on its cover his or her career tanked.
Similarly, being in the Trump administration and getting praised by The New York 
Times is the kiss of death.
Now, normally, you could print something in the Times and chances were the president 
wouldn’t read it. He routinely dismisses the Gray Old Lady as fake news, except when 
his and his family’s lousy books are mass-bought onto the newspaper’s bestsellers 
list.  He is not fond of polysyllabic words and prefers to get his news from “Fox & 
Friends” or whatever white nationalist website  his aide Stephen Miller might 
recommend.
But Trump reads Mo Dowd because they have known each other forever and she writes 
about him at a nuanced, personal level that drives him especially cuckoo.
We’re way past the theoretical  here.
Tony Fauci is in real danger, and by extension so are the rest of us who expect — nay, 
pray for — one person in the White House to be trustworthy and competent in a time of 
unprecedented crisis.
So, again, repeat after me, Dr. Anthony Fauci is a bum.
Long live the bum.
Kevin Cullen is a Globe columnist. He can be reached at kevin.cullen@globe.com . 
Search many other similar articles from today (Wash Post, etc.)
TF meeting today at 3:00.   Met with Joe Grogan and importantly with Jared Kushner 
about the strategy to get Trump to be more flexible instead of sticking to his desire to lift 
the mitigations by Easter Sunday.   Then met with Trump in the Oval.   As usual he was 
wondeful to me, asking me most of the questions.   He fixed on easter and I pushed back 
and said we need more data that we would get with testing to be able to inform policy 
about mitigation.   He ent back and forth, but agreed.   He fixed on the increase in the 
stock marhet by 2000 points (biggest increase in nistory); hweoevr, wew recently had the 
biggest drop in history.   He also focuse on his approval rating for how he is handleing 
the outbreak.   It is all polls, ratings, and image.   In some ways he is endearing, but he 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 68 ---
736
really is far from “Presidential”.   At the press conference, the reporters were glad that I 
was there and “not fired or dead”.   Twitter fed still exploding about me.   I explained at 
the presser that we need flexibility in the date about when to “open up”.   Easter is 
“aspirational for the POTUS, but he is flexible in looking at all the data.   Good 
conference.   No conflicts.   Keep getting calls from people wanting me to steer the 
POTUS in one direction or another.   Gov. JB Pritzker (Illinois); Ken Langone of NYU, 
Lindsey Graham, etc.
PRESS:  WMAL Radio; Chris Stigali Radio (Philly); FOX Laura Ingraham
Mar. 25, 2020 – 435,000/20,000; USA – 54,622/749.   On WHO weekly call.   China 
removing restrictions – critical to watch this closely to determine what happens in light of 
what POTUS is trying to do in reducing restrictions by Easter .   Giuseppe Ippolitto 
reporting from Italy – major restrictions of non-essential industries.   Good control in 
Central and Southern Italy.   Lombardy still very bad.  People moving from North to 
South bringing cases to South.  Contact tracing impossible in major outbreak areas.  
Deaths mostly in older (>60 yo) people.   From Italy – no evidence of bad effects of ACE 
inhibitors on COVID-19, hence no need to change meds.   CHINA – in regions where 
they have gone doen to no cases, they are seeing reintroductions from imported travel 
cases.  Big problem.   Also, need to get infected people out of the homes since they are 
secondarily infected the rest of the family → family clusters.  Discussed the issue of loss 
of sense of smell as an early sign of COVID-19. 
At TF meeting, Jared still throwing barbs at CDCbecause they did not nail down the 
recommendations for returning critical infrastructure (CI) people to work after an 
exposure where they did not kno if they were infected, but were asymptomatic.
Metagain with POTUS in Oval.   He really acting like he is very fond of me, always 
deferring to me.   His staff definitiely notices this (Hope Hicks, Kellyanne Conway).  I 
believe that the mole who does not like me is Alexa, the Comms person.   Hogan is OK.   
Devin is getting better and Katie Miller is great (tough, smart,but great).   Interesdting 
couple with Steve Miller.
At press conference, it went well as I fashion a new slant for each presser.   I apologized 
to reporter Philip Wegmann for answering him sharply when he asked what I thought 
about Tedros favoring the Chinese.  He wrote me a nice note afterwards.  
Big issue from the appearance on CNN Cuomo Prime Time was when I answered the 
question about the timeline to re-open the USG, I said “we do not determine the timeline, 
the virus determines the timeline”.  That will not play well among some of the POTUS 
staff.
PRESS:  Bob Rose Radio (Gainesville, FL); WABC Radio (NYC) Bernie and Sid 
Show; CNN Cuomo Prime Time
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 69 ---
737
Mar. 26, 2020 – Global - 414,000/18,400; USA - 68,600/1000; NYC 20,000/280.  
Continued pressure regrding POTUS aspitational goal of wanting to open up on Easter 
Sunday.  Cases now coming into NIH with several staff infected.   Admissions to the 
SCSU
Received another of now several calls from Gov. Andrew Cuomo wanting guidance on 
interpreting the trend of new cases/day and what this means to predictions of where the 
outbreak is going in NYC.   Had the usual good and warm/friendly conversation.   He and 
Chris Cuomo are becoming friends.   Also, we discussed his and my relationship with 
Trump.
CRAZY, CRAZY – donuts are being named after me; T shirts have my picture on them 
and are being sold;  San Francisco radio is dedicating a song to me – Curtis Mayfield 
singing “Keep on Pushing”; coloring pictures with crayons for my picture, face time with 
Trevor Noah; Instagram with Steph Curry
Color me 
Fauci.docx
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 70 ---
738
Steph Curry Had An Instagram Live 
Chat With Dr. Fauci About Coronavirus 
That Was Super Informative
Barack Obama and Justin Bieber posted some emojis.
Tasneem NashrullaBuzzFeed News Reporter
Posted on March 26, 2020, at 3:04 p.m. ET
•  Tweet
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 71 ---
739
•  Share
•  Copy
The journalists at BuzzFeed News are proud to bring you trustworthy and relevant 
reporting about the coronavirus. To help keep this news free, become a 
member and sign up for our newsletter, Outbreak Today.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 72 ---
740
Instagram: @https://www.instagram.com/stephencurry30/?hl=en
Thousands of people tuned in to NBA star Stephen Curry's Instagram live Q&A 
with Dr. Anthony Fauci about the coronavirus on Thursday because 2020 
continues to be surreal.
Mar. 27, 2020 – USA now has more cases than any country in the world
Global – 542,788/24361
To my surprise yesterday, the POTUS sent a letter to Governors outlining a plan to 
reopen county by county while moniroring the spread of virus in the low risk 
counties.   This was half-baked and never shown to Deb or I before it was sent out.   
It was derived by Jared and Kevin Hassett (modeler) and I cannot see how it can 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 73 ---
741
be implemented.   I am surprised at Jared, who is usually very measured.   This is 
reckless since it would require monitoring with much testing by CDC and they do 
not even know about it.   Poor Bob Redfield is totally out of it.
IMPORTANT DAY – There has been a disconnect between what we in the TF 
have been saying about the availability of PPE (particularly masks) and ventilators 
and whether the people in the trenchs (ICUs) sare actually getting them.   We keep 
saying that the equipmen is out there and the medical centers just need to get them 
and the medical centrers are saying that they are trying to get them and either they 
do not know how or the USG is outbidding them for the equipment.
I got on the phone via Cliff’s treatment guidelines committee that he is organizing 
and listened to ICU docs from all over the country.  The are very fearful of 
running out of PPEs within days to a weeks.  Ventilators are mostly a NYC issue; 
they may fall behing and still there is this tension of Cuomo asking for 30,000 
vents and USG (us) sayng that the vents are in the warehouses; they just need to 
get them.  I promise the group I would try to fix this nonsense.
At the TF meeting, I took over and said we really have to stop this shit and fix this.   
We are acting like these people have everything they need and the fact is they do 
NOT.   I was very empnatic and the VP (good for him) listened.   We had FEMA 
(Pete   ) and Adm Pete on the screen and the Adm acted like a rigis navy officer 
saying thsat they did their job and got the vents and PPEs to the warehouse and 
now it is up to the locals to get it distributed.   I essentially said that this is bullshit 
and we need to communicate to them how they can actually get the material.   I 
asked is it our job to just check our own boxes or are we trying to actually get the 
job done in real life.   Clearly, Adm Pete is not happy with me, but so what!
Hope Hicks, Kellyanne Conway strongly agree with me as does Marc Short and 
the VP.   The VP order to make this happen.   Also, the POTU finally invoked the 
DPA to have GM make ventilators and we are stopping (via me) saying that NYC 
has enough.   Just give them what they ask for and if it is overkill, they they can  
return them and give to others.
Important discussion with  Deb Birx that I have some concern about.   She is using 
a model from Chris Murray to plot out how to delay the POTUS from pulling the 
plug for at least 2 weeks more.   Critical issue that I feel strongly about and 
discussed with Cliff is that if we are going to lift restraints on certain areas, we 
must have the capability of flooding the system with people to do identification, 
isolation (out of the home) and contact tracing.   Otherwise, we will precipitate a 
surge as is NYC, NOLA, and other locales.   Big discussion coming over the 
weekend.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 74 ---
742
POTUS signed $2.2 Trillion (uo to $6.2 trillion) relief package for the economy to 
give aid to laid off workers and other vulnerables.   POTUS signed bill in the 
OVAL and actually delayed the signing until I wsa called from the lower West 
Wing lobby to be there for the signing.   When I entered the OVAL the POTUS 
said, “Anthony, come here with us.   I cannot sign this without you being here”.   
The entire crowd in the OVAL including several Senate (McConnell) and House 
(McCarthy) leaders and Cabinet members present applauded me as I entered.   
Very embarrassing.   I am not comfortable with this attention.   After the signinf, 
the POTUS asked me and others to make comments before the many TV cameras 
that were let into the OVAL
Very laborious press conference where the POTUS rambled on.  He wasted the 
opportunity to just focus on the relief package and went inot his diatribe against 
previous administrations.
SECURITY ISSUES – Threats on the “dark web” abainst me, Chris and the girls.   
They know everything about us including where my daughters live and work.  
Strange people hanging around my house and taking photos of the house.   DC 
police now stationed at my house in addition to ISG agents with me all the time.  
HHS is giving me heavy security with ISG agents (Lonetto et al) guarding me 24 
hrs.   Agent George Adams assigned to me.
PRESS:  Bloomdaddy Radio Show – Pittsburgh; Morning News with Brian 
Haldane Radio Baton Rouge – both right wing radio shows; Press in the 
OVAl with the signing; some press at the Presser.
MAR. 28, 2020 (Saturday) – 509,000/23300; USA 104,200/1700; NYC – 
26700/450.   Cases still escalating.  First day with full sceurity
Lindsey Graham trying to help.   Will go on TV and opush my message of holding 
off the POTUS to pull the plug too soon.
Gov. J.B. Pritzker called with report of death of a 9 month old from COVID-19 in 
Chicago.   Prtiztker concerned that this will generate panic in mothers throughout 
the USA.   May be 1st infant in USA to die of COVID-10
The USNS Comfort taking off from Norfolk, VA to NYC to supply beds and 
treatment for non-COVID-19 patients in order to free up on shore beds for 
COVID.  Also, the USNS Mercy has already arrived in LA for same purpose
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 75 ---
743
The “swag” around me is getting really ridiculous.   You can but Fauci T-shirts, 
mugs, donuts, sweat shirts, candles, pillows, etc.  Geeeez!!   I do not like this one 
bit.
AMAZING interaction with POTUS.  Today Trump tweeted that he was considering 
quarantining the NY tri-state area (NYC, NJ. CN).  This triggered a major news buzz.   
Gov. Cuomo called me; I was in my NIH office getting ready to do the Saturday TF 
meeting from the NIH SCIF.  Cuomo asked me to help dissuade the POTUS since he 
(Cuomo) would have to forcibly push back on this and would defy National Guard troops 
sent to enforce the Q.
At the TF meeting we had major discussions lead by VP.   I helped convince people that 
a quarantine was not tenable and that we should recommend to POTUS to do a “strong 
travel advisory” that the governors would strongly support instead of having the Feds 
enforce a quarantine.
I thought that I was finished for the night and would go home to an evening off when the 
VP said I should come down to his office and we should, together with Deb, Chad Wolff, 
Steve Mnuchin, Mark Meadows, Marc Short meet with the POTUS to tell him our 
recommendation to announce tomorrow.
We met with the POTUS in the living quarters (not the OVAL) for about 1 hour.  I led 
the discussions since the POTUS kept referring to me.   It was a disturbingly rambling 
discussion since he kept talking about TV ratings, and HC, and influenza and virtually 
everything else as I was trying to keep him on track (with the help of the VP).
Finally, we got him to agree to “travel advisory” and not quarantine.   We wanted to 
announce tomorrow, but he wanted to tweet this tonight.   He also said he wanted to get 
the Governors on board and so he wanted to call Gov Cuomo (NY), Gov Murphy (NJ), 
Gov. Ned Lamont (CN).   And so, we adjourned to the Lincoln Study and finalized the 
language for the Advisory right at the Lincoln desk where the Emancipation 
Proclamation was signed.   I kept insisting that they do not slip and let the CDC (from 
whom the Advisory must come) to use their words of “DO NOT TRAVEL”.   Also, I 
insisted through the rambling and lack of attention span that the POTUS explicitly say 
that this is NOT a quarantine.   Finally, he individually called the 3 Governors starting off 
by saying “I am here with Tony and a few other people…..”   Cuomo was OK but 
questioned to be explicit as to just what “Advisory” meant.   We go it straightened out 
and before he went to the other Govs, he called up Sean Hannity to schmooze about TV 
ratings (I am not kidding).   Finally, he got to the other Governors and we stopped for the 
nigh.   Marc Short will work with CDC to get the right language out and the POTUS will 
tweet this later.
I texted Cuomo saying that I had pushed back and we had avoided the quarantine.  He 
responded: “I know that.   It wasn’t his conscience.   He would have made a terrible 
mistake for the nation.   I would have had to organize the Governors to rebel.   Last thing 
we need.  Thank you….on behalf of all of us.”
WHAT A NIGHT!!! 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 76 ---
744
PRESS:  Desus and Mero Showtime TV; 
Mar. 29, 2020 (SUNDAY) – Cases continue to soar.   BIG DAY AT WHITE 
HOUSE    Spent several hours with the POTUS.   Bottom line.  Deb and I pushed 
hard to have the POTUS extend the 15 day guidelines for another 30 days to end 
of April even though Mark Meadows and Kevin Hassett were against this. They 
wanted to just go to 15 days extra and then re-evaluate.   We pushed and said that 
we would leave to the POTUS.     
We met with the POTUS in OVAL and Deb and I presented the case for 30 days.   
He accepted that right away (he really trusts me very much).   He decided that he 
did not want to wait three days to Tuesday to announce and so we Chaotically and 
quickly wrote into his speech the announcement that it would be 30 days.  We had 
a press conference in the Rose Garden (RG) and he called several times of me and 
Deb to explain the rationale behind the decision.   It was another of the painfully 
rambling press conferences that lasted on a beautiful evening the RG for 2 hours.   
POTUS kept on mentioning the potential 1.5 to 2.0 million deaths in the USA due 
to Coronavirus, which is actually the worst case scenario of a flawed model; 
however, he felt that if he keeps mentioning that, then the people will take what 
we are saying seriously.   He is incorrigible.   At the end of the day it was a good 
outcome since we convinced him to go with 30 day instead of ending the 
mitigation prematurely, which I feel would be a disaster.   At the presser, I 
emphasized that we must pay attention to the cities/states/areas with relatively few 
cases since they could explode just like NYC and NOLA and other cities.
CRAZY PRESS – the fringe far-right crazies are cooking conspiracy theories that 
I am a Hilary Clinton mole trying to destroy Trump. See NY Times – Sunday 
March 29, 2020 “Chief Scientist Draw Venom From the Right” by Davey Alba 
and Sheera Frankel.  Also, article in NY Times on “Testing Blunders….” By 
Michael Shear et al.
GOOD ARTICLE: March 29, 2020 article by Jenny Jarvie
AIDS crisis shaped Anthony Fauci, disease expert at front lines of 
coronavirus pandemic 
Los Angeles Times 
You're making me feel guilty,” President George W. Bush said in 2008 when he awarded Fauci, the 
longtime director of the National Institute of Allergy ...
Flag as irrelevant 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 77 ---
745
Great areticle in WSJ by Ben Cohen – March 29, 2020: WSJ: Dr. Fauci Was a 
Basketball Captain. Now He’s America’s Point Guard.  
https://on.wsj.com/33TOug3
PRESS:  CNN State of the Union with Jake Tapper; big exposure at Rose 
Garden press Conference after announcing the 30 day extension of guidelines 
for mitigation.
Mar. 30, 2020 – Cses still soaring.  Spent another entire day at the WH.   Met with 
the POTUS and had Press conference in Rose Garden.   Today most attention o 
CEOs and companies coming to indicte that they would help in any way.   
Discussion at theTF meeting about Ad Bax (I brought it up) and the issue of 
aerosol merely by speaking and whether we should now seriously think about 
recommending that everyone wear a mask.   More to come.   Also, I am 
continuing to push that we onnect the dots about how we are going to handle the 
inevitable flares that we will soon see in other smaller cities.   There needfs to be 
the capasbility of testing, identification, isolations and contact tracing.   No one 
seems to be in charge. CDC is their usual lack of stepping up.  I love Bob 
Redfield, but he relly is not the right perdon for this job and this time.   Joe Grogan 
trying to get things organized in this regard.
PRESS: ABC Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos; CNN 
New Day; Rose Garden Press Conference
Mar. 31, 2020 – Perhaps some early indication of leveling of new admissions in 
NYC.   Careful.
Complete craziness with this Fauci cult hero stuff.   See below in Washington Post 
today:
Fauci socks, Fauci doughnuts, Fauci fan 
art: The coronavirus expert attracts a cult 
following
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 78 ---
746
Doughnuts bearing the likeness of Anthony S. 
Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, rest on a plate 
at Donuts Delite in Rochester, N.Y., on March 25. (Shawn Dowd/Rochester Democrat & 
Chronicle/AP)
By 
Antonia Noori Farzan 
March 31, 2020 at 5:15 a.m. EDT
Early last week, Nick Semeraro wanted to find a way to honor Anthony S. Fauci. As the 
owner of a small doughnut shop in Rochester, N.Y., he had been closely tracking the 
latest news about the coronavirus pandemic. And night after night, he’d been impressed 
by how Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, 
approached the crisis in a calm, knowledgeable manner.
So, as a tribute, Semeraro put the renowned immunologist’s face on a doughnut. 
Expecting to sell a few hundred, he was shocked when the store sold out day after day, 
with thousands flying off the shelves. Donuts Delite was besieged with requests to ship 
the buttercream-frosted creations all over the country, and one Fauci fan drove three 
hours just to pick up a dozen. Soon, bakeries in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania followed 
suit, using edible paper to decorate pastries with Fauci’s likeness.
“We had no idea it was going to blow up this big,” Semeraro told CNN. “We didn’t know 
everyone else felt the same way we did.”
While Fauci was already a respected scientist before the outbreak, his appearances during 
White House press briefings have made him a household name and an unlikely celebrity. 
With his straightforward demeanor and willingness to contradict President Trump, he’s 
begun to develop the same kind of cult following as Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg and former special counsel Robert S. Mueller III, who inspired countless 
“Plank like RBG” tank tops and a bizarre illustrated children’s book, respectively.
Even as whole swaths of the global economy collapse, the pandemic has created a robust 
cottage industry of Fauci-themed merchandise, including bottle openers, magnets and 
mugs. On Etsy, you can buy “Honk for Dr. Fauci” bumper stickers, prayer candles 
depicting “St. Fauci” and socks printed with Fauci’s face. Graphic T-shirts bear slogans 
such as “I Need a Hero” and “In Dr. Fauci We Trust.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 79 ---
747
If so inclined, you can even decorate your home with an “I Heart Dr. Fauci” throw 
pillow, or purchase a replica of Fauci’s jersey from the time he captained the basketball 
team at Manhattan’s Regis High School. Lingua Franca, which sells cashmere sweaters 
embroidered with resistance-friendly slogans for $380 and up, recently began taking 
orders for an army-green “Dr. Fauci Fan Club” knit.
In honor of Fauci’s Italian heritage, a clam bar in Long Island named a linguine dish after 
him this week. (Available for pickup only, “the linguine with white clam sauce shares 
origins with Fauci, as the sauce itself was invented in the Fauci Family’s native Sciacca, 
Italy,” the restaurant claimed in a statement.)
As countless Americans remain glued to the news while trying to stay indoors, a robust 
Fauci fandom has flourished online. On Facebook, the “Dr. Anthony S. Fauci Fan Club” 
has 
over 32,000 members. Thousands more congregate in groups with names such as 
“Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the Man, the Myth, the Legend,” “Dr. Fauci Speaks, We Listen” 
and “Dr. Fauci Memes for Social Distance Teens.”
An unassuming 79-year-old public servant who has advised six presidents, Fauci has 
become a “reliable constant in a time of uncertainty,” The Washington Post’s Ellen 
McCarthy and Ben Terris reported. But his admirers — and there are a lot of them — 
worry that it’s only a matter of time before he’s sidelined by Trump.
When Fauci missed a White House news conference earlier this month, panic erupted on 
Twitter, along with speculation that he could be sick. There was palpable relief when he 
resumed his regular position at the podium the following day and appeared to hide some 
exasperation as Trump referenced “the deep state.”
Fauci later explained that he had simply been trying to dislodge a lozenge from his throat. 
But the much-analyzed “Fauci facepalm” had already become a meme, deployed by 
liberal members of what’s known as the resistance.
Fauci’s newfound fame can be partially attributed to his willingness to engage with all 
forms of media — in recent weeks, he’s gone on a Barstool Sports podcast, chatted with 
basketball star Steph Curry on Instagram Live as Barack Obama listened in, and appeared 
on “The Daily Show With Trevor Noah.”
But it also undoubtedly helps that his fans tend to take social distancing seriously and 
consequently have ample spare time to produce fan art or perform songs written (or 
modified) in his honor.
On social media, Fauci’s virtual fan clubs peruse old photos of the infectious disease 
expert in search of “comfy turtleneck vibes,” stitch his face on embroidery hoops and 
discuss erecting statues as tribute. They frost his name on cookies and joke about 
constructing shrines in his honor. Prominent activists and entertainers confess to wanting 
to marry him, or have him tuck them into bed.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 80 ---
748
Fauci has remained characteristically modest about his new status as a cult figure. “Well, 
that’s very nice,” he responded when McCarthy and Terris mentioned that people all over 
the country were praying for him. Of course, that means that his fan base has only 
continued to grow.
“I never met a guy that, worldwide, he is so loved,” Semeraro, the Rochester doughnut 
shop owner, told CNN. “And a month ago, we never knew his first and last name.”
Disclaimer:  Any third-party material in this email has been shared for internal use under fair use 
provisions of U.S. copyright law, without further verification of its accuracy/veracity.  It does not 
necessarily represent my views nor those of NIAID, NIH, HHS, or the U.S. government.
Chris Cuomo has COVID-19.  
Big issue today is whether w should be recommending masks for everyone.   We 
probably were too strong in saying masks do not work.   I mentioned this on CNN 
(Sciutto) this AM.
Still local issues regarding availability of ventilators and PPE and tests.   TF 
discussions still make it seems like they are out there, I I have no confidence that 
they are really getting to the people who need them.
Important phone call tonight organized by David Barr with many ICU and other 
docs throughout the country.   They calim that PPE is running out, vents are 
needed and teting that takes several days to get results are essentially useless to 
them.   I promisedto bring their concerns to the TF.
Trump continues to become more and more enamored of me.  
Joe Grogan organizing small group of me, Deb. Redfield, Hahn, Giroir to solve 
practical issues.   I am concerned that we are not really connecting the dots from 
TF to the trenches.   Is Giroir really up to this.  Means well.  I also have doubts 
about Pete and FEMA
We shocked the public when Deb and I mentioned at the Press Conference 
that there could be 100,00- to 240,000 deaths in the USA even with maximal 
mitigation.   I explained that this is the “model”, but we can definitely get the 
deaths down below that since it is the data that always trumps the model
PRESS:  CNN Newsroom with Jim Sciutto; White House Press conference.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 81 ---
749
April 1, 2020 -  Cases still going up.  USA - 188,000/3700.   Global – 
751000/36400
NYC- 43100/1100
 Some very early signs in NYC that the number of “new cases’ in starting the 
stabilize.   However, the deaths always lag and these will continue to increase over 
the next week or two.
Did major briefing of the GOP House leadership organized by Liz Cheney and 
Kevin McCarthy
Continued crazy stuff:   Petition to name me “Sexiest Man Alive”; videos games 
named after me; Fauci Bobblehead; dishes in redstaurants named after me, and on 
and on.
Had good conversation with Bill Gates tonight who wants the BMGF to partner 
with me (NIAID) and BARDA in the advanced development and scaleup of 
vaccines, therapeutics.   Also, wanted to discuss a strategy for opening up the 
country after the wave subsides.
Really very fine podcast with Sanjay Gupta – personal, but very informative
Washington Post for tomorrow:
Media
Perspective
Dr. Fauci symbolizes everything 
about the Trump-era media 
climate
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 82 ---
750
Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, 
attends a White House briefing. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
By 
Margaret Sullivan 
Media columnist
Press is over the top.   My picture and stories about me are in the national news 
virtually every day.  Today and yesterday and tomorrow was flooded with stories.  
Too much; impossible to even read all of the stories
 
PRESS:  Fox Radio NYC – Rosanne Scotto; CBS Norah O’Donnell taped for 
tonight; NY Times Daily Podcast; White House Press conference
April 2, 2020 –  USA – 215500/4600; NYC – 47400/1400
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 83 ---
751
Global – 824000/41000;
Washington Post now reporting that I have a security detail (George Adams).   
Also, DC police now guarding my house 24 hrs/day.
Gave briefing to the GOP Senators for 45 minutes similar to House briefing 
yesterday.
Terrific Sirius XM – Coach K podcast – wonderful person who was so generous 
and complimentary in his comments to me.   He called me “the point guard for the 
world”  
Spoke with Gov. Phil Murphy of New Jersey who wanted to run by me his 
approach to COVID and see if I thought that he was doing all the right things.  He 
was.   He is frustrated that some people still do not adhere to Guidelines even 
though he is pushing hard and slappiung penalties on people.
PRESS: CBS This Morning;  NBC Today Show with Savannah Guthrie; 
CNNTown hall with Sanjay Gupta and Anderson Cooper;
April 3, 2020 – Global - 879000/46000; USA 245000/5500;  (real numbers are 
probably more;  these are CDC numbers – global is 1,000,000/50,000)  Deaths and 
cases still soaring.  
Meeting today virtually (Francis Collins leading) with the Public Private 
Partnership to address research and development for COVID-19.  Mikael Dolstien  
(Pfizer); Paul Stoffels (J & J), etc.
Intense media blitz on me continues.   Mentioned by all Late Night TV Shows.
Question of universal wearing of masks dominating conversation
Press conference today:   I was originally supposed to be sitting on the side for 
questions and at the last minute, they told me that I was not needed.   This was not 
unreasonable since the presser was about masks and Jerome Adams had been 
pushing this and CDC released the guidelines about masks and so it made sense 
that I did not need to be there.   I mentioned this to Jim Acosta (CNN) and he 
made a story that I was excluded from the prsser.   This created a firestorm where 
CNN made it a story saying that I wa excluded since I had said last night 9CNN 
Townhall) and this AM (Fox and Friends) that all states should practice “stay at 
home’, and the POTUS has refused to “mandate that”.   They painted it as an 
exclusion of Fauci since he disagreed with the POTUS, which was not the case.   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 84 ---
752
WELCOME TO WASHINGTON.    I believe that the White House (mostly 
POTUS staff) are starting to get really pissed off at me.
The press conference turned out to be a shit-storm since Jared Kushner got up and 
trie to explain things and the press killed him.   Also, the POTUS said he would 
not wear a mask, which undermined what Jerome and Bob had just said.   Glad 
that I was not there.
The ridiculous attention to me continues; fan clubs, Swags, am constantly on TV; 
countless profiles of me.   For example:
TheThe Anthony Fauci Fan Club Twitter account wants you to know one 
thing: “If you don’t have a crush on this man, do you even care about public health?”
The account, which quickly skyrocketed to over 13,000 followers in just 
the past few days, was launched by three Maryland-based microbiologists 
who, at first, created a group chat to “gush over” Fauci in private. “We can’t 
be the only ones who are feeling this way,” one said of the esteemed 
immunologist.
“Did I mention he’s easy on the eyes?” said another.
The microbiologists aren’t alone. Over the last few weeks, Dr. Fauci stands 
have created Facebook fan clubs, TikTok videos, donuts, browser 
games and even prayer candles in celebration of the scientist leading the 
Trump administration’s novel coronavirus response. A 79-year-old career 
scientist isn’t usually the type of person the internet feverishly stans over. 
But under these extreme circumstances, Fauci has emerged as the 
comforting leader the internet, and the US, needs now more than ever.
Anthony Fauci Fan Club@FauciFan
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 85 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 86 ---
754
“It is the moment to exercise and practice fandom,” Abigail De Kosnik, 
director of the Berkeley Center for New Media and a fandom specialist, 
told The Verge. De Kosnik says fandom around Fauci is thriving right now 
because it’s one of the only ways we can “connect to the outside world” 
and interact with strangers since we can’t see anyone physically. “Fandom 
is what remains.”
For years, political figures — like Fauci — who have spoken truth to power 
in tumultuous times in history have become the ideal breeding ground for 
fandom. According to Know Your Meme, Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s rise to 
internet celebrity stardom corresponded with the creation of a Tumblr 
blog entitled Notorious R.B.G., invoking the name of the famous hip-hop 
artist, The Notorious B.I.G. The blog launched in celebration of Ginsburg’s 
lauded 2013 dissent in the Shelby County v. Holder case that struck down 
parts of the Voting Rights Act. That dissent paired with the blog’s memes 
was just the flint in creating a fire of RBG fan content and merch that 
continues today. The excitement around Fauci is creating a similar 
community, focused around bringing hope and joy to one another during 
this pandemic.
The fandom has grown rapidly with stans posting a slew of memes and 
merch all across the internet. Etsy and Amazon are littered with T-shirts 
that feature the scientist. One asks “What would Fauci do?” Another Etsy 
seller has made prayer candles featuring Fauci depicted as an angel with a 
halo around his head. Pastry shops across the country are selling donuts 
with Fauci’s face surrounded in red, white, and blue buttercream. Fauci’s 
constant status in American life amid the pandemic has made it even more 
noticeable when he’s absent. When Fauci did not make an appearance at a 
White House press briefing last month, the hashtag #WhereisFauci went 
viral on social media, as though Fauci stood up the internet.
Andrew Banas
✔@AndrewWHAM
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 87 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 88 ---
756
The fandom is cross-generational, too. On Facebook, the Dr. Anthony Fauci 
Fan Club group touts nearly 40,000 members of all ages. They post news 
articles to keep each other informed, but they also share memes honoring 
Fauci. In one, Fauci appears on the front page of People magazine as the 
“sexiest man alive.” In another, Fauci’s face is photoshopped onto the body 
of Captain America. One user posted a Trump-like campaign sign, but 
instead of featuring the president’s own infamous slogan, it reads, “Fauci: 
Make Science Great Again 2020.”
“Just saw this, and thought I’d share,” the poster wrote. “Humor helps me 
endure.”
“HUMOR HELPS ME ENDURE”
On TikTok, influencers like celebrity blogger Perez Hilton have posted 
videos featuring Fauci’s viral press briefing facepalm from earlier this 
month. “This is how I feel right now,” Hilton wrote in the video’s caption. In 
another, Coldplay’s “The Scientist” plays as images of Fauci dissolve into 
one another beneath the caption, “BREAKING NEWS: Dr. Fauci has been 
hospitalized from carrying the entire nation on his back.”
Fauci fandom has also provided comic relief and emotional support for 
people struggling through this unprecedented crisis. On the Facebook page 
earlier this week, one member made a plea for reassurance. “Will we ever 
be able to go back to ‘normal’? My anxiety is telling me this is going to last 
forever...” The post received over 100 replies, a majority of them offering 
optimistic statistics or messages of support reassuring the user that they 
weren’t alone — valuable messages at a time when large swaths of the US’s 
population are stuck indoors with their lives entirely uprooted from what 
they were before.
In a moment like this, Fauci has become a comforting figure for those who 
are struggling. “He’s kind of like this kind, old, wise mentor figure that 
we’re thirsty for right now,” Scott T. Allison, a professor of psychology who 
specializes in heroism and leadership at the University of Richmond, 
told The Verge. “He’s the grandfather who will tell it to you straight and tell 
it to you lovingly.” And Americans agree. According to Business Insider, 
Americans trust Fauci more than President Trump and Treasury Secretary 
Steven Mnuchin to handle the COVID-19 pandemic.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 89 ---
757
No one knows how long this pandemic will last, as Fauci mentions at 
nearly every briefing. As it continues, today’s circle of Fauci stans could 
change the face of fandom in the future, De Kosnik said. “We could see a 
different fandom arise around this calmer, more rational and more ‘square’ 
celebrity or performer,” she said. The appeal of a whimsical or “bad boy” 
type celebrity could taper out if uncertainty in daily life continues to grow. 
A nerdy pragmatist could become the new focal point for fandom.
Or maybe it’ll just redefine who we see those traits in. “You might say that 
Dr. Fauci is a badass — a person who does his job, and does it well, and to 
hell with the consequences and to hell with what the boss might think,” 
Allison said. “We should all have such courage.”
PRESS:  Fox and Friends; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff
April 4, 2020 – Global 972600/50300; USA 277200/6600;
Gov. Greg Abbott of Texas – questions about my statements recently that all states 
should do stay at home.   He was vey nice ad wanted clarification of what that 
meant forTexas and was he already doing what I was saying.   In fact, he was for 
the most part.
Also, spoke with Gov. Ned Lamont of Connecticut.  Same issues as Gov. Abbott
Washington Post had article ridiculing Jared for his appearance at the Press 
conference.   They are being a bit unfair.   Thick politics going on fueled by 
POTUS ridiculous behavior of blaming people for things.   He keeps talking about 
TV ratings of the press briefings, which fuels the press backlash at him.
In Task Force meeting had a big (unusual) argument with Peter Navarro who 
handed out a folder that he says shows studies that Hydroxychloroquine is 
effective in COVID.   I strenuously objected and he then attacked me saying that I 
was the one who was against blocked travel from China when in fact I pushed the 
POTUS to do so.   Weird guy!!  VP and Marc Short acted like Peter was nuts.
See below Axios description of the “confrontation between Navarro and me:  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 90 ---
758
Scoop: Inside the epic White House 
fight over hydroxychloroquine
Jonathan Swan
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 91 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 92 ---
760
Photo: Drew Angerer/Getty Images
The White House coronavirus task force had its biggest fight yet on Saturday, pitting economic adviser Peter Navarro against infectious disease expert Anthony 
Fauci. At issue: How enthusiastically should the White House tout the prospects of an antimalarial drug to fight COVID-19?
Behind the scenes: This drama erupted into an epic Situation Room showdown. Trump's coronavirus task force gathered in the White House Situation Room on 
Saturday at about 1:30pm, according to four sources familiar with the conversation. Vice President Mike Pence sat at the head of the table.
• Numerous government officials were at the table, including Fauci, coronavirus response coordinator Deborah Birx, Jared Kushner, acting Homeland 
Security Secretary Chad Wolf, and Commissioner of Food and Drugs Stephen Hahn.
• Behind them sat staff, including Peter Navarro, tapped by Trump to compel private companies to meet the government's coronavirus needs under 
the Defense Production Act.
Toward the end of the meeting, Hahn began a discussion of the malaria drug hydroxychloroquine, which Trump believes could be a "game-changer" against the 
coronavirus.
• Hahn gave an update about the drug and what he was seeing in different trials and real-world results.
• Then Navarro got up. He brought over a stack of folders and dropped them on the table. People started passing them around.
• "And the first words out of his mouth are that the studies that he's seen, I believe they're mostly overseas, show 'clear therapeutic efficacy,'" said a 
source familiar with the conversation. "Those are the exact words out of his mouth."
Navarro's comments set off a heated exchange about how the Trump administration and the president ought to talk about the malaria drug, which Fauci and other 
public health officials stress is unproven to combat COVID-19.
• Fauci pushed back against Navarro, saying that there was only anecdotal evidence that hydroxychloroquine works against the coronavirus.
• Researchers have said studies out of France and China are inadequate because they did not include control groups.
• Fauci and others have said much more data is needed to prove that hydroxychloroquine is effective against the coronavirus.
• As part of his role, Navarro has been trying to source hydroxychloroquine from around the world. He's also been trying to ensure that there are 
enough domestic production capabilities inside the U.S.
Fauci's mention of anecdotal evidence "just set Peter off," said one of the sources. Navarro pointed to the pile of folders on the desk, which included printouts of 
studies on hydroxychloroquine from around the world.
• Navarro said to Fauci, "That's science, not anecdote," said another of the sources.
Navarro started raising his voice, and at one point accused Fauci of objecting to Trump's travel restrictions, saying, "You were the one who early on objected to the 
travel restrictions with China," saying that travel restrictions don't work. (Navarro was one of the earliest to push the China travel ban.)
• Fauci looked confused, according to a source in the room. After Trump imposed the travel restrictions, Fauci has publicly praised the president's 
restriction on travel from China.
• Pence was trying to moderate the heated discussion. "It was pretty clear that everyone was just trying to get Peter to sit down and stop being so 
confrontational," said one of the sources.
• Eventually, Kushner turned to Navarro and said, "Peter, take yes for an answer," because most everyone agreed, by that time, it was important to 
surge the supply of the drug to hot zones.
• The principals agreed that the administration's public stance should be that the decision to use the drug is between doctors and patients.
• Trump ended up announcing at his press conference that he had 29 million doses of hydroxychloroquine in the Strategic National Stockpile.
Between the lines: "There has never been a confrontation in the task force meetings like the one yesterday," said a source familiar with the argument. "People 
speak up and there's robust debate, but there's never been a confrontation. Yesterday was the first confrontation."
• In response to a request for comment on Axios' reporting, Katie Miller, a spokesperson for the vice president, said: "We don't comment on meetings 
in the Situation Room."
The bottom line: The way to discuss the drug's potential has become a fraught issue within the Trump administration.
• Most members of the task force support a cautious approach to discussing the drug until it's proven.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 93 ---
761
• Navarro, on the other hand, is convinced based on his reading that the drug works against the coronavirus and speaks about it enthusiastically.
• Some of Trump's favorite TV hosts, including Fox's Sean Hannity, and friends including Rudy Giuliani, have also been touting the malaria drug for the 
coronavirus. Trump has made no secret who he sides with.
• "What do you have to lose? Take it," the president said in a White House briefing on Saturday. "I really think they should take it. But it's their choice. 
And it's their doctor's choice or the doctors in the hospital. But hydroxychloroquine. Try it, if you'd like."
POTUS continues to ramble at presser.   Prior to the presser, POTUS invited me 
and Deb into his inner office at the OVAL and started telling me that as a Catholic 
how much of a shame it would be if we did not do a classical Easter and Good 
Friday and Palm Sunday.   He wanted to figure out how to do a version of it like 
outdoor mass or stay in car and do drive in theater-like mass.  Hope Hicks and I 
convinced him to essentially put Easter on hold for this year.  Then he went on and 
on (almost pleading) with Me (mostly) and Deb saying that he cannot keep the 
country closed beyond the 30-day extension.   He rambled on and on that we are 
destroying this great country and started rattling off the names of various sports 
commissioners (NBA, MLB, NHL, etc.) who said that their sports would be 
destroyed if we did not open up.  Also, he said industry (all the industrial giants) 
would be forever destroyed.   He said that he understood where Deb and I were 
coming from, but he could not let the country die and so one way or another, he is 
opening up in 30 days.   He went on and emphasized this over and over at the 
press conference, which immediately followed his conversation with me and Deb. 
PRESS:  White House Press Conference – 1hr 25 minutes.   I had the 
opportunity to push mitigation sayin that it was our ony weapon right now 
and I praised the HCWs saying they were true heroes.
April 5, 2020 – (Sunday) – Major news-outlets (Wash Post, NY Times) starting 
to write detailed stories of how the USG (esp. Trump) dropped the ball in response 
to COVID-19.  CDC getting bashed (in some respects rightly so).  Much Monday 
morning quarterbacking.   Thus far, I am coming out OK, but the response in 
general in being bashed.
Global – 1,100,000/57000; USA – 311000/7700; Cases predicted to continue to 
rise and deaths increase over next week.
Nice article in Washington Post on the relationship between Deb Birx and me.
Beautiful profile of me on BBC audio featuring Chris and Peter Staley.
I was sitting on steps of EEOB on a conference call reviewing countermeasure 
portfolio (BARDA) when a photographer from across the landscape (on Pebble 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 94 ---
762
beach) shot me and focused on my pokadot socks.   It got tweeted around the 
country.  “Birx has her scarfs and Fauci has his socks”   Geeeez.
Very amusing and notable dynamics at the TF meeting today.   It is Sunday and 
we were supposed to have a relatively low-key meeting without a subsequent press 
conference.   HOWEVER, as we began the TF meeting, we learned that the 
POTUS was joining us.   He came in and in his usual rambling self starting going 
all over the lot and then said that we should have a press conference in 30 minutes 
since he wanted to give “good news’.   Deb had been saying that the cases were 
starting to stabilize in NYC and in a couple of days we could speak about it.   
Jared wanted to talk about some good stuff regarding supply chain tomorrow.  
POTUS would have none of it.   He wanted a press conference now.   Everyone 
started scrambling to prepare.   Of note, ADM John Polowczwk (“Adm P”)  gave 
some data on supply chain.  The POTUS loved and told John to get over to the 
WH for the press conference.   John was dressed in his Combat Fatigues and 
clearly was terrified of appearing on TV when the rules are that you should wear 
the standard formal dress (not dress level) for TV appearances out of the combat 
zone.   He felt that he would be reprimanded by superiors at the Pentagon.   It was 
clear that he was very nervous and almost frozen.   When people in the room 
explained to POTUS what was going on, POTUS said “Last time I looked, I was 
Commander in Chief and so get your ass down here now”.  Then POTUS said: 
“Get Gen. Milley (Chair of the Joint Chiefs) on the phone and clear this up.   Just 
then a Deputy Chair General go on the phone (not sure who it was) and said: 
“John, you are good to go.   Get over to the White House in your combat fatigues.”   
All ended well, although Joh was still clearly nervous as he stood before the 
cameras at the WH briefing Room.
Press:  Face the Nation with Margaret Brennan;   Press briefing in the White 
House press room after the TF meeting.
April 6, 2020 – Global – 1,100,000/63,000; USA – 338,000/10,000; 
Today did call with Governors (me, Deb, Redfield, Giroir et al).  Turned out it was 
mostly Governors’s staff and health people as opposed to actual Governors.
Individual Calls with Gov. Ricketts (NE) and Gov. Reynolds (IOWA).   They 
were concernced about my comment that “I cannot understand why all states have 
not done stay at home orders”.   They are really already doing as much or more 
than some states that have officially issued stay at home orders and they are being 
criticized as a result of my comments.   We worked it out over the phone.   I will 
support them and clarify where I can to support them.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 95 ---
763
At the Press Briefing today, I took the opportunity to say that the Govs of NE and 
Iowa are doing an excellent job ad are functionally doing exactly what those states 
that have stay-at-home orders are doing.   Trump dud his usual rambling stream of 
consciousness show at the briefing.
Intense publicity about me continues with stories of granmothers who have 
crushes on men.  Petitions to vote me “Sexiest Man Alive”.   Major stories about 
my basketball career at Regis.
Janet Tobias pushing to get footage and access to TF workings with me.   I am 
very reluctant since the optics are bad.   My main goal is to stop this outbreak, not 
to participate in a documentary.   She can do her thing as long as it is not intrusive 
to our work.
I am concerned that we really do not have a clerar plan to “open up” the country at 
end of April.   No one is really in charge or even knows what they are doing.   This 
is not my area and so I can only provide 40,000 foot perspective, which is not 
good.
PRESS: Appeared at the White House Press Briefing.  
April 7, 2020 -  Global – 1,200,000/68000; USA – 369,000/11,000
Press still hot and heavy about me.  Multiple stories per day directly or indirectly 
involving me.  The debate about the use of HC still dominating the discussion.  
Big article in the Washington Post about the long relationship between Deb Birx 
and me.
Big challenge today is to firm up a plan on how to approach to re-opening of the 
country.   I am concerned that there really is no plan and no one is really in charge.   
Off-hand mention of “another task force”.   Jared is getting involved with us.   Deb 
supposedly leading it.   Deb unhappy with Brett Giroir and bad-mouthing him a bit 
as he goes his way continually reporting about how many “tests” are out there.   I 
do not have a good felling about this.
However, the meeting that we had in the Roosevelt Room tonight made me feel 
better.  The entire team gathered after the Press conference for 2 hours starting at 
7:30 PM.  Paul Mango provided a framework for “re-opening” delineating all 
the things that need to be in place.   Again, much depends on the easy availability 
of testing.   Present were:  Joe Grogan, Kellyanne Comway, Jared Kushner, Bob 
Redfield, Steve Hahn, Seema Verma, Deb Birx, Brian Harrison.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 96 ---
764
At presser I discussed the issue of greater pecent of deaths among African-
Americans dues to the health disparities (hypertension, diabetes, obesity, asthma) 
that predispose to poor outcome (pneumonia and death).
After all this, at night 9:30 PM Cliff Lane came over my house and we went over 
the Guidelines document that he and the group prepared.   I will brief Azar on 
Thursday and then officialy submit it as a “workstream”.
This is an example of the type of articles that are appearing.   This appeared in The 
Atlantic today (April 7, 2020):
Why America Is Thirsty for 
Anthony Fauci
During the pandemic, a 79-year-old immunologist is 
becoming as crushable as a pop star.
KAITLYN TIFFANY
6:30 AM ET
Enjoy unlimited access to The Atlantic for less than $1 per week.
Sign in
Subscribe Now
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 97 ---
765
ALICIA TATONE / THE ATLANTIC
•
•
• Link Copied
•
“If you don’t have a crush on this man, do you even care about public health?”
It’s a question that wouldn’t have made even the slightest bit of sense before the 
coronavirus pandemic, and it doesn’t make a ton of sense during it either. Still, it 
was posed, above a headshot of Anthony Fauci, by the Twitter account @FauciFan, 
which was created three weeks ago and has amassed more than 15,000 followers.
All day, Americans go online to fess up about crushing on Fauci, the director of the 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. They dig up his college yearbook 
photos and evidence that he once played basketball in short-shorts. They edit his 
Wikipedia page, swapping the main photo with one taken 13 years ago, then one from 17 
years ago. In my upstate-New York hometown, you can buy donuts with his face on 
them. More than 10,000 people have signed a petition to make Fauci People magazine’s 
next “Sexiest Man Alive.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 98 ---
766
Fauci has had the same job since 1984, and he’s earned national recognition before for 
his handling of the HIV/AIDS crisis. But during this epochal natural disaster, as a leading 
member of the federal government’s coronavirus task force, he’s more akin to an actual 
celebrity, famous for the contrast between his calmly stated expertise and Donald 
Trump’s contradictory messaging during White House press briefings. Doodling hearts 
all over his face may seem irrational, but times of crisis often breed infatuation with 
authorities who can provide guidance and soothe anxiety.
MORE STORIES
•
There’s No Zoom Party Like a College Zoom Party
KAITLYN TIFFANY
•
You Have a Moral Responsibility to Post Your Boring Life on Instagram
KAITLYN TIFFANY
•
•
What You Need to Know About the Coronavirus
HALEY WEISS
At this moment, smooching anyone is verboten, even reckless, but in isolation and in 
daydreams, lots of Americans are thinking about planting one on a 79-year-old 
immunologist.
Read: When keeping your distance is the best way to show you care
The @FauciFan Twitter account—which last week featured a photo of a young Fauci 
explaining how HIV interacts with the immune system, captioned “#tbt #thirsttrap”—was 
created by Sarah Alexander, Tiffany Zarrella, and Leann Zhou, three friends and 
microbiologists who work together in Bethesda, Maryland. They are not joking about 
their crush.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 99 ---
767
The trio had been talking about their thirst for Fauci over text, and decided to take it 
public in hopes that it would be entertaining to other bored and freaked-out people. Zhou, 
22, told me that she thinks people are drawn to Fauci’s “cute Brooklyn accent.” She 
wouldn’t have been able to guess his age, she added, pointing out that he’s an avid 
runner, and has serious light-up-the-room energy. “He’s very knowledgeable and expert, 
but he speaks in a really approachable way,” Zarella, 33, told me. “Everyone wants to 
know what’s going on, and he delivers.”
Alexander, 25, agrees, saying, “I do personally think that he actually is attractive, and it’s 
not unheard of for people to be attracted to older men. Look at Jeff Goldblum.” I 
proposed to her that Goldblum is an actual Hollywood star, and that there might be 
something strange about presenting Fauci as one. “We’re not trying to prop him up and 
make him a celebrity,” she told me. “It’s just an appreciation of him. He’s working 16-
plus-hour days.”
Americans have had plenty of political crushes before. There have been more durable 
ones on presidents such as John F. Kennedy, Ronald Reagan, and, more recently, Barack 
Obama. By the time Obama became a public figure, the internet was ready to amplify 
conversations about thirsting over handsome and competent men: In 2007, one of 
YouTube’s first mainstream viral hits was a comedy music video called “
Crush on 
Obama,” starring the actress Amber Lee Ettinger as a young woman in booty shorts who 
wants to make out with the then-senator from Illinois.
“I did develop a crush on Obama,” Ettinger told me. (Today, she’s an Instagram 
influencer who posts mom-related lifestyle content.) “He was this young, sauve, 
handsome fellow. People felt a personal connection with him when he spoke.” For Fauci, 
she speculated, the incentives for crushing are a little bit different. “No. 1, his little New 
York accent. He feels like a voice of reason, someone you can trust. He has a calming 
presence about him. Supersmart. I think he’s adorable.”
The more obvious precedent for Fauci’s newfound celebrity is another flavor-of-the-week 
public figure, Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who became a superhero and stoic 
boyfriend to the left during his investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 election. 
That in itself was not entirely novel: For a brief period after 9/11, then-Secretary of 
Defense Donald Rumsfeld was treated as a sex symbol—as Salon put it, a “hot 
Republican war dad.”
Mueller, like Fauci, became crushable because of the perception that he was unflappable, 
soberly sifting through facts and ignoring irrelevant clangor during a tense situation. One 
woman told the Associated Press last year, “I admire [Mueller’s] mystique. I admire that 
I haven’t heard his voice.” But although lots of Americans are making these men into 
heartthrobs—whether as a joke or sincerely—it doesn't mean we actually want them to 
act like celebrities. We just want to be taken care of, and we don’t want anything to 
shatter the illusion that they can save us.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 100 ---
768
There are other crushes of the coronavirus crisis, most notably New York Governor 
Andrew Cuomo, whose daily press conferences in state-branded attire have become 
appointment television for people living in the epicenter of the country’s 
outbreak. Vogue has praised his competence and “imaginary boyfriend” potential, while 
the New York Post spoke with moms on Long Island who gushed about eating ice cream 
in bed, watching him speak calmly and convincingly of New York’s ability to overcome 
the pandemic.
While descriptions of Fauci dwell on how “adorable” he is, Americans’ fascination with 
Cuomo is openly grimier. Last week, for instance, Twitter was abuzz with speculation as 
to whether a strange-looking wrinkle under the governor’s polo was, in fact, a nipple 
ring. A fake dating profile written for the governor by City & State didn’t mention 
sweetness or charm, but interests such as “fishing” and “yelling,” as well as the 
personality type “laid-back, loose dude, who is always in a cool mood.”
In a recent blog post titled “Help, I Think I’m in Love With Andrew Cuomo??” 
the Jezebel writer Rebecca Fishbein ran down the list of things she despises about him 
politically, then confessed, “When I stream his presser on the governor’s website—every 
day around 11:30 a.m., complete with a PowerPoint presentation—I feel comforted. I feel 
alive. I feel protected. I feel ... butterflies.” She’s heard from plenty of New York women 
who agree. “A lot of women who are older than me have been emailing me being like, 
No I really love him; he has all of his hair,” she told me.
Fishbein lived in New York City during 9/11, and she remembers people feeling similarly 
about then-Mayor Rudy Giuliani. And after Hurricane Sandy in 2012, she said, she knew 
people who thought that then-New Jersey Governor Chris Christie was heroic enough to 
feel gooey over. “It [does] not last long, but I think there’s this feeling that somebody is 
telling you, in what seems like a straightforward manner, what’s going on,” she said. This 
can mutate into a crush with ease. “It’s just your mind playing tricks on you.”
Read: Why people are confessing their crushes right now
This is literally true, says Helen Fisher, a biological anthropologist who studies dating 
and relationships at Indiana University’s Kinsey Institute. “In times of crisis, people have 
a fight-or-flight response. That drives up the testosterone in the brain,” she told me. 
“Testosterone triggers various brain systems that can trigger sexual arousal. Testosterone 
also has a positive correlation with dopamine, and dopamine is linked with feelings of 
romantic love.”
You don’t need me to explain that the past month has been saturated with 
feelings, or that your nerves can only tap-dance for so long before your 
brain starts to do strange and shocking things. Similar hormones are 
involved in both crushing and panicking, and rushes of adrenaline can 
lead to attraction, which is presumably why The Bachelor involves so much 
bungee jumping and helicopter travel.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 101 ---
769
Crushing on a public official is not particularly fruitful, but it’s hard to 
think of a reason not to indulge in it a little bit. Even in normal 
circumstances, a crush is a diversion from everything we’re worried about. 
Pointless crushes may be, if anything, even more necessary during a 
pandemic, when the only other stimuli are horrifying. Crushes spike up 
and surprise us—uncomfortable but fun, sweet but nauseating.
Thirsting over Fauci won't stop the pandemic, but at least it can keep us 
busy. I recently stumbled across a video of a woman named Jill playing 
guitar and singing, in a school-teacher voice, a love song for him. “Please 
stay safe doctor,” the song ends, “you’re our only hope.”
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or 
write to letters@theatlantic.com.
KAITLYN TIFFANY  is a staff writer at The Atlantic, where she covers technology.
ConnectTwitter
   ALSO, see article today in The Nation by Jeet Heer entitled “Dr. Anthony Fauci 
has a target on his back”.   The story says that the right wing, including Rudy 
Giuliani, is out to get me because of my stance on HC and because I am 
responsible for shutting down the government and ruining the economy.
From today regarding deaths:
The fatality rate remains unclear, estimates of the proportion of people contracting the 
virus who never show symptoms ranges from 25 to 50 percent and there is no clear 
explanation for why it proves so deadly for some people who are relatively young and 
previously in good health.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 102 ---
770
PRESS: Local Radio hits – Jason Rantz Show KTTH Seattle;  The John and 
Ken Show (California – KFI AM640 Los Angeles); Multiple local (from 
around the country) TV hits in EEOB;  White House press conference.
April 8, 2020 – Global – 1,300,000/73,000; USA – 398,000/13,000
As we predicted, yesterday was the most deaths in single day in USA.   However, 
indications from NYC aree that cases, hospitalizations, intensive care and 
intubations have been down for past few days.   Remember – deaths always lag by 
about 2 weeks behind new cases.   Could be first clear sign of turnaround.        
Now focusing on how to “re-open” the country safely (see meeting last night)
Bobblehead raising money:
Fauci bobblehead raises $100,000 for American 
Hospital Association
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 103 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 104 ---
772
Growing concern about fact that African-Americans are dying much more than 
other racial/ethnic groups.   Certainly due largely to the increase in underlying 
conditions among them such as hypertension, diabetes, obesity, asthma
PRESS: FOX TV – America’s Newsroom; Eric Bolling Sinclair TV; White 
House Press Conference.
April 9, 2020 (Thursday) – Global -1,400,000/80,000;   USA– 430,000/15,000; 
Getting ready to submit the COVID-19 Treatment Guidelines that Cliff led.  
Briefed AZAR by phone he liked it but wanted to make sure that Nancy 
Messonnier was OK with it since we did not want CDC to be coming out with 
objections.  I called Nancy and found out in a poignant call that she no longer is 
involved in the COVID response.  I do not believe that Azar knows this.   Who 
removed her???   Tim Uyeki is representative for CDC on the Guidelines Panel.
TF Conference call with Senate GOP and Dems – usual questions about when to 
re-open the country
Another example of craziness.   This below in the New Yorker:
By 
Andy Borowitz 
April 8, 2020
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 105 ---
773
Photograph by Lo Scalzo / Bloomberg / Getty
WASHINGTON (The Borowitz Report)—In what he described as a “potentially major 
breakthrough,” Dr. Anthony Fauci has convinced Donald Trump to attack COVID-19 as 
if it were an inspector general.
Fauci, who has been frustrated in his efforts to get through to Trump, compared the 
global pandemic to an inspector general while in a closed-door meeting with the 
President on Wednesday.
“What do you hate more than anything, Mr. President?” Fauci asked.
“Jim Acosta,” Trump immediately replied.
“O.K., fine. But, besides Jim Acosta,” Fauci said, “it would be an inspector general, 
right?”
“You’re right, Tony,” Trump agreed. “I hate those losers.”
“Well, think of COVID-19 as the worst inspector general in the world,” Fauci continued. 
“It’s overseeing everything you do and making you follow the law. It’s keeping you from 
spending taxpayer money on anything you want. You wouldn’t stand for that, would 
you?”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 106 ---
774
Reportedly, Trump appeared shaken by Fauci’s analogy. “Damn it, Tony, when you put it 
that way, we’ve got to do something about COVID-19,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Fauci said that he was “cautiously optimistic” that his inspector-
general analogy would finally spur Trump to action, but added, “Jared could still screw 
this up.”
……………………………………………………………………………………….
Again, countless print press stories about me directly or indirectly.   Far, far too 
many for me to even think about reading.   Some day, maybe, go back and read.
Eveyone asking about the plasn for re-opening the ountry
PRESS:  ABC -Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos; NBC 
Today Show with Savannah Guthrie; CBS This Morning;   WH Press 
Conference coverage
April 10, 2020 – Global – 1,440,000/85,000;  USA – 465,000/17,500
Concern building about the economy and when we can open the country.   17 
million jobs lost within the past 4 weeks.   Larry Kudlow and Steve Mnuchin are 
concerned that even with the massive infusion of relief dollars that we may o 
irreparable damage to the economy if we do not open soon.
Call with Randell Stephenson – CEO of ATT wanting counsel on how to get his 
workforce back towork safely
Call with Gov. Asa Hutchinson of Arkansas – doing a good job in AR; want 
counselon retunring to normal
Call with Gov. Mark Gordon of Wyoming – same discussion.   What advice and 
counsel of returning to normal.
Call with Gov. Doug Burgum of North Dakota
All these Governors are calling me because of my credibility and reputation to run 
their plans by me and ask for my opinion and help (message back to TF and 
POTUS).   Unfortunately, I really cannot do much but get their messages back.   
Very frustrating
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 107 ---
775
POTUS actually joined the TF meeting right at the beginning andstarting talking 
about ratings of the press conferences being the best ratings on all of TV.   Yikes!
POTUS was again rambling at the press conference with stream of consciousness 
not really answering questions and spouting how well we are doing. Press 
focusing on whether we are prepared to re-open.   Press keeps dwelling on fact 
that we likely do not have enough testing capability.
POTUS mentioned (to my and Birx’s surpise) that he has already asked some 
people to be on another Task Force to help him decide on re-opening.   He even 
mentioned that there would be prominent physicians on the call.   Deb is worrie d 
about this.   I am not surprised.
During press briefing reporter asked PTUS a question about Gov. DeSantis (R-
FL) wanting to open his schools in May and would not that endanger lives of 
people since there are many cases in Florida.   He did not answer and then the 
reporter asked what my opionion was.   I spoke generically saying I am not aware 
of the situation in Florida, but in general, if there are active cases in community, 
children in school could spread the virus.   Later that afternoon DeSantis called my 
cell and explained that he wa evaluating the situationon a week by week basis and 
did not make any definitive decisions and the districts that he was considering 
opening the schools were districts with very few infection.
PRESS:  CNN New Day with Alisyn Camerota and John Berman; Sirius 
Doctor Radio – Marc Siegal; Press conference (see above); FOX Martha 
McCallum; FOX Jesse Watters; Brian Williams - MSNBC
April 11, 2020 – Light day.   TF, but no press conference.   Important discussion 
about the fact that the sensitivity of the Abbott ID Now (15 minute test) machine 
is queationable.   We have not had a single positive at the WH with press and 
secret service and staff.   We will bring a machine to NIH to use on people with 
documented COVID-19.
I am still concerned about our ability to dothe tsting that we keep reassuring the 
public that we can do.   Deb very much suspicious and restrained hostile towards 
Brett Giroir whom she does not trust.
Gave extra copies of the HHS Guidelines to Marc Short.   They plan to have me 
present it to POTUS on Monday, April 13.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 108 ---
776
April 12, 2020 (Easter Sunday) – Global – 1,800,000/110,000; USA 
500,000/20,000.   In general, early indications of leveling off.   
Print news (NY Times especially) writing multiple articles about howTrump was 
late to respond/slow to act even thugh he was given warnings by many people.   I 
look good to neutral in the reports.   Big article in New YorkTimes today by Eric 
Lipton, David Sanger, Maggie Haberman, Michael Sherar, Mark Mazzetti and 
Julian Barnes.
I was spoofed last night on Saturday Night Live (SNL).   Media buzz in my 
answer to Tapper’s question whether lives would have been saved if we had shut 
down earlier.   I said yes with a lot of qualifiers; however, the press is not 
reporting the qualifiers.  Such is life…..
PRESS:  CNN State of the Union with Jake Tapper; MSNBC TV with Rev. 
Al Sharpton
April 13, 2020 – Potential big problem (we shall see).  NY Times reporting on an 
answer to a question that I gave on CNN yesterday (see above).   Jake Tapper 
asked me if we had closed down earlier, whould that have saved lives.   I said it is 
complicated; he persisted and I said obviously, if you close earlier there would 
have been lives saved, but the decision was complicated.   I could have answered 
the question better and with more clarity, but the Times is now saying that I was  
implying that the POTUS was to blame for additional deaths according to me.   
The far right is tweeting to fire me. The POTUS even re-tweeted the tweet that 
said to fire me.  We shall see how the day goes…….
I called up Marc Short and explained that I was answering a hypothetical question 
and I told the truth.   Marc was very supportive and said the POTUS was not upset 
and understood.   I met with VP – he called me to his office 15 minutes befor the 
TF meeting and we discussed this.   He was terrific.   I said I was angry at having 
been put into this position, I am completely apolitical, and I am loyal to the people 
that I work with.   I offered to explain to the press at the daily White House press 
conference.  Right before I walked in, I huddled with the POTUS and told him 
what I would do.   He was very relieved and grateful saying that his right wing 
base is causing a lot of trouble and he was total OK with me.   I went out and 
explained that I was being hoest in my answer to Jake, but that I was not implying 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 109 ---
777
that anyone was responsible for more deaths.   I explained that the 2 times I 
recommended to the POTUS to go to ‘mitigation” (15 day, then 30 day) he took 
my (and Deb’s) advice and started to mitigation guidelines despite the fact that 
some people were pushing back (did not mention any names)
Right after that, he went on an anti-media rage showing a filiming recently put 
together that day by staff showing how he was on top of everything and responded 
swiftly.   Again, repetitive stream of consciousness.   I was uncomfortable sitting 
there.
Phone call with Jake Tapper.   Jake wanted to make sure the interview did not 
cause me any problems.
Global – 1,700,000/106,000; USA – 560,000/22,000; 
PRESS: C-SPAN TV; 
April 14, 2020 -   Press buzz still continues.   Feature story in today’s Washington 
Post: “Despite assurances, debate over Fauci’s fate continues” by Toluse 
Olorunnipa, Seung Min Kim and Josh Dawsey.  Also, Mike Gerson wrote an 
editorial in the Post attacking Trump for attacking me (re-tweet that energized 
Trump’s right wing fringe to attack me.
Global -  1,800,000/112,000;    USA – 580,000/24,000.   Daily cases starting to 
level off over past couple of days.
Did not do Presser today.   Topic was economic.  He rambled on in typical 
manner.   He reversed himself from yesterday when he said that he has “absolute 
power” to tell the Governors what to do in the “re-opening”.   He stunned the press 
with that announcement and people like Caitlin Collins pushed him on saying that 
since it is not true.   He blew it off yesterday.  Today he said that he leaves it to the 
Governors
Press still buzzing about the tension between me and the POTUS – multiple 
articles. 
It is clear after a meeting that I was called to with the VP at 10:30 AM with Deb. 
Jared, Brett, and some from Jared’s team thsat they have salready decidedthat they 
will “re-open” the country on May 1 no matter what I or Deb say.   Deb (as 
expected) is totally bought in on this.   I am quite skeptical that they have a 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 110 ---
778
program in place to respond to a rebounbd.   CDC certainly in incapable and Bob 
even admits that his team is mor “academically oriented” as opposed to pandemic 
emergency oriented.   Also, testing is still an issue.
PRESS: Good Luck America Snapchat Interview (Skype); Bobby Bones 
Country Music DJ Skype interview; NBC CoronavirusSpecial tsaped for 
tomorrow AM
April 15, 2020 – Global – 1,900,000/120/000;  USA – 603,000/25,000
Print media still pitting everything I say as contradicting POTUS.   They are also 
digging into what I said it February indicting that I said the virus would not be a 
problem; however, when you read my entire sentence, I said at this time (when 
there were a couple of cases in the USA) there is not a serious threat, but this 
could change very rapidly and so we need to be prepared. They leave out the last 
part of the sentence.  
Peter Nicholas of The Atlantic (Peter Nicholas)wrote a piece saying I was 
humiliated and “shamed” by getting in front of the cameras and backing off the 
CNN interview with Tapper.   Fuck you, Peter.
Has discussion with Chris this AM (in bed) about my considering resigning from 
the Task Force.   The CDC/FEMA, etc in my mind have no idea what they are 
doing.  There really is no plan.   Deb is secretive and worried about her job 
wanting to please the VP asnd POTUS and the press briefings are a total Shit 
Show with POTUS rambling.   I am afraid that if I resign it will be a global 
explosion and might also look to my many admirers like I am deserting the cause, 
but this is getting very tough. 
Phone call with Bill Gates and Trevor Mundel regarding working together on 
vaccines and therapeutics.  Bill, like I, is very skeptical about serologic tests – 
could be misleading is saying that someone is protective if Ab is positive.  He is 
concerned as I am.  He feels that there are ethical considerations.
Deb Birx last night put together the plan to re-open based on a combination of 
the plans put forth by Tom Frieden, Scott Gottlieb, Zeke Emanuel.   I edited it 
today with her.  VP asked me to leave the TF and work with her.   I edited what 
she had already done.   It was really a done deal before she showed it to me.   I 
emphasized that what was missing was guidelines about what to do if there is 
rebound.   It was almost as if she had not even thought of that.   She said she 
would do this tonight.  This is really seat-of-the-pants stuff with patching together 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 111 ---
779
overnight a plan that has enormous implcations for the health and safety of the 
nation.   I will hang in there to help as much as I can.  
Marc  Short is becoming a good rriend.   He shuffled me out of the WH before 
they started asking me to hang around for the endless press conference.   I ha told 
Marc that it would be great if I could go nly to those pressers where I was really 
needed.   He got the message and the VP agreed.   And so, I am off today.   
Clearly the press will ask where I am.
Amazing profile of me today on Nightline: https://bit.ly/2VvC0HP 
Multiple editorials (print news Washington Post, etc.) and opinion pieces 
(Newsweek) written about me.   Cannot keep up or even read all of them.   
Country needs someone to look up to in the face of Trump presidency. Interesting 
psychodynamics.   
Brewery in Georgia named a beer after me “Fauci Spring”
Cartoon in thee Boston Globe:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 112 ---
780
Apr. 15, 2020 1:30 PM EDT
Italian Virus Hospital Offers Fauci Work If Trump Fires 
Him
By NICOLE WINFIELD
Associated Press
PRESS: Good Day FOX TV NYC – Rosanna Scotto; Cox TV; WSJ story on 
my relationship with Shelly Wolff; ABC TV – David Muir; CBS Evening 
News – Norah O’Donnell
April 16, 2020: Global – 2,000,000/125,000;  USA – 640,000/32,000.
Today is day when newe Guidelines for re-opening will be announced.  
I was shocked last night when she e-mailed me and said that all my edits had been 
accepted by the “Comms people”.   However, they wanted to take out the part 
about recommending masks.   I wrote back (see bold below): 
Okay.  Great.   If we explicitly say follow CDC guidelines regarding use of masks and 
use during mass transit, then I cannot see how there can be any objection.
From: Birx, Deborah L. EOP/NSC <Deborah.L.Birx@nsc.eop.gov> 
Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 9:52 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: Re: WH Comms kept all of our words
Haven’t done rebound yet. Will do early am. Pushing back on mask saying follow cdc 
guidance and wear during mass transit. 
Sent from my iPhone
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 113 ---
781
On Apr 15, 2020, at 9:49 PM, Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov> 
wrote:
 
We should push back a bit on the masks.  I think that it is important.   Since when 
do comms people dictate public health suggestions?  Walk out of the streets and 
people are wearing them anyway.   We should be on board with them.    I would be 
happy to do that tomorrow.   We are meeting with the VP tomorrow morning.   Can 
you arrange for you and I to meet with the relevant person so I can give it a 
pitch?  Also, let me see the part that I did not see regarding what one does when 
rebound of virus occurs in the midst of a diminution of current mitigation.
Thanks,
Tony
 
From: Birx, Deborah L. EOP/NSC <Deborah.L.Birx@nsc.eop.gov> 
Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2020 9:43 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: WH Comms kept all of our words
 
Except took out the mask in public – kept all the thresholds.  What do you think?  I am OK if 
covered in CDC guidelines I guess.  Deb
………………………………………………………………………………………………….
In private conversation with Marc Short, I explained to him my concern about being brought into 
the writing of the guidelines that they wanted me to endorce, and yet I only saw them for the first 
time last night.   Marc said that Deb told him she had run them by me and Bob Redfield.   Bob 
said that the first time he saw them was last night.   I gently confronted Deb with this and she 
garbled an embarrassed response.
Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) called my cell concerned about whether his state is ready to re-open.   
His consitutuents are frightened about coming out since they realize there is no treatment and 
they could die from the disease.
Worked on the guidelines a bit and now got them right.   POTUS, VP Deb and I presented these 
at the Presser.   Generally well-received, everyone still fixated on the issues with testing
After my Laursa Ingraham hit, Jake Tapper (CNN) texted me saying sarcastically: “Hard to beliee 
Paura Ingraham went to Dartmouth, isn’t it.   All of us alumni are very proud.
Also, if I did not mention it above, I now have OIG security portal to portal car with armed 
guards.   Still getting death threats and obscene calls to my daughters and Chris.   US Marshalls 
going after these idiots.   DC Police continually patrolling my home.
PRESS: White House Press Conference releasing :Opening Up America 
Again” guidelkines; FOX TV Laura Ingraham.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 114 ---
782
April 17, 2020 – Global –  2,000,000/132,000;     USA -660,000/34,000;  
Did briefing with the VP and Deb and Steve Hahn and BobRedfield and Brett 
Giroir to the Dem Senate Caucus led by Chuck Schummer.   Very hostile.  Kept 
coming at us abut testing and how inadequate it is.   I have been telling the TF that 
this is an issue that will not go away.   Angus King (Maine) tee-ed off on VP about 
the fact that we are unprepared.   Patty Murray was her old self wanting a testing 
plan, etc. etc.   This rompted us to devope the entire TF to testing and decided to 
do a presser.  I took over and chided the group that we cannot be telling people 
that we have more test and materials than we need since this would be insulting to 
them.   We cannot blame anyone and we must admit that the supply (which we 
claim is adequate) is not “connected to” nor does it reach the people who are 
demanding it.   Bottom line is that they are not getting what they want and ewe 
need to fix the fact that it really is a distribution problem.   Also, Senators (and the 
press and the public) are under the impression that we should test everyone for the 
virus. Hope Hicks, Katie Miller, the VP came over to me qnd said and indicated 
by their expression “Thank God that you are in the room!”
We explained this at the presser
Another indication of the craziness in the world.   This came out today:
From: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
Sent: Friday, April 17, 2020 1:32 PM
To: Burklow, John (NIH/OD) [E] <BurklowJ@OD.NIH.GOV>; Myles, Renate 
(NIH/OD) [E] <mylesr@mail.nih.gov>; Mcgraw, Michael (NIH/OD/ORS) [E] 
<mcgrawm@ors.od.nih.gov>
Cc: Harper, Jill (NIH/NIAID) [E] <JHarper@niaid.nih.gov>; Folkers, Greg 
(NIH/NIAID) [E] <GFOLKERS@niaid.nih.gov>; Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<conradpa@niaid.nih.gov>; Routh, Jennifer (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<jennifer.routh@nih.gov>; Stover, Kathy (NIH/NIAID) [E] <kathy.stover@nih.gov>
Subject: FW: Media request - Fauci sexual assault allegation / possible smear
Just when you thought life couldn’t get any crazier, we are now getting media inquiries 
about this “press release” from a firm we can find no trace of online.  The address they 
provide for their “press conference” is the Chinese Embassy.  
I have a call in to Dr. Fauci to let him know about this, but he is at the White House and 
not answering his cell phone.  
Lt. McGraw, can you help get to the bottom of who these people are?  There is a phone 
number at the very bottom.  Should we also be sending this to OIG?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 115 ---
783
Can you please advise on how to respond to inquiries?  Do we respond, or refer them to 
NIH?  We would propose to say something like:
“The allegations are preposterous and the press release is apparently a hoax.  We can find 
no firm by this name, and the address provided for the “press conference” is the Chinese 
Embassy.  We are referring the matter to appropriate authorities for follow-up.”
 
From: William Sommer
Sent: Friday, April 17, 2020 12:48:52 PM (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & Canada)
To: NIAID NEWS (NIH/NIAID)
Subject:  Media request - Fauci sexual assault allegation / possible smear
Hi, 
My name's Will Sommer, I'm a reporter with The Daily Beast in DC. There's a press 
conference scheduled for next week that's supposed to detail sexual assault allegations 
against Dr. Fauci — it has all the hallmarks for me of a smear campaign from some GOP 
operatives, but wanted to flag if the Fauci office has any comment or if this has been 
referred to law enforcement for investigation. Attaching the press release below. 
Thanks for your time
Will Sommer
Reporter, The Daily Beast 
(703) 863-1148
william.sommer@thedailybeast.com
@willsommer
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 116 ---
784
CONTACT:
Rhonda Abramson
Vice President, Whitley, Moran, Telander LLP
http://linkedin.com/in/rhonda-abramson-349413199
(310) 893-3545
 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, World Renowned COVID-19 Figure, 
Accused of Sexual Assault – Press Conference Planned with 
Victim       
____________
Conference line established for those unable to attend / wish to respect 
social distancing guidelines
Famed immunologist accused of assaulting 20-year old at Four Seasons 
Inner Harbor Hotel in Baltimore
 
WHAT:                                               Anthony Fauci Assault Allegation Media Q&A
WHEN:                                               TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 – 1 p.m. ET
WHERE:                                             In Person: 3505 International Place, Washington 
D.C., 20008
                                                            Conference Line: (712) 775-7100 Passcode: 
654321#
BACKGROUND:
UPDATE: A conference line has been established for reporters who wish to adhere to 
social distancing guidelines. Diana will still be at the physical location, along with 
Richard Whitley and Rhonda Abramson. The press conference will also be simulcast 
via the above phone line.
Interested media members should RSVP for the in-person or conference call by 
Monday at 6 p.m. ET.
On December 6, 2014, former television intern Diana Rodriguez alleges that she met Dr. 
Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, at 
the Four Seasons Hotel in Baltimore.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 117 ---
785
Rodriguez, who was 20 at the time, had several drinks with Dr. Fauci at the bar and 
proceeded to accompany him to his suite overlooking the harbor.
The following is Ms. Rodriguez’s accounting of the night.
He looked rich and powerful, and I love smart men with grey hair. He told me all 
about his fantastic career in medicine, so I went upstairs.
He made it clear that he expected sex once we got to the room and by then I was 
so drunk the room was spinning. He threw me on the bed and pulled up my dress. 
I was too drunk to resist, but I begged him not to. He only said, “don’t you know 
who I am, you little bitch?”
He became angry when he failed to get an erection - he looked like he was in his 
mid-70s - so he got up and popped two Cialis pills. He then told me to stay on the 
bed while he returned a call. I was so scared I obeyed.
About 15 minutes later, he returned to the bed and shoved me down again. Now 
he was erect, and I was defenseless. Suddenly, I had the presence of mind to grab 
a pen from the nightstand, with which I jabbed him in the shoulder. I then ran out 
of the room and out of the hotel, never to return.
It was the most harrowing and terrifying experience of my life.
Now, when I see him on TV touted as some kind of hero, I want the nation to know 
the truth.
This is my truth. This is my story.
CONTACT:
Rhonda Abramson
Vice President, Whitley, Moran, Telander LLP
http://linkedin.com/in/rhonda-abramson-349413199
(310) 893-3545
Story in “The Daily Dot”:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 118 ---
786
Someone is spreading a sketchy 
sexual assault claim against Dr. 
Fauci
The people behind it seem to not exist.
Apr 17, 2020, 5:56 pm*
 
Tech
  
Claire Goforth
The White House/Flickr
The coronavirus outbreak has made Dr. Anthony Fauci, longtime director 
of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, a household 
name.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 119 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 120 ---
788
4:57 PM - Apr 13, 2020
Twitter Ads info and privacy
64 people are talking about this
Last month, as the threats escalated, Fauci was assigned a security detail.
The latest attack on him comes in the form of an accusation of sexual 
assault.
Earlier this week, the Daily Dot received a press release from a woman 
claiming that Fauci sexually assaulted her in 2014. The release included 
the details of the allegation and said she and her representatives plan to 
hold a press conference on Tuesday in Washington, D.C.
All allegations of this nature are given equal consideration. But the more 
the Daily Dot looked into the details, the more things didn’t add up. The 
accuser didn’t respond to multiple requests to speak with her.
The woman, whose name is not reported here because it couldn’t be 
confirmed, claims to be represented by Rhonda Abramson and Richard 
Whitley of Whitley, Moran, Telander LLP. The Daily Dot could find no 
record of any business by that name.
The email, which came from the accuser’s Gmail, included Abramson’s 
LinkedIn account and phone number. There she claims to live in the 
Washington, D.C. area and to have worked for two companies.
Unlike Whitley, Moran, Telander, those companies’ existence was readily 
confirmed. However, both told the Daily Dot that they have no record of 
Abramson’s employment.
“We have never employed her, have never heard of her, and have been 
fielding calls and emails on this for a couple of days,” said Dave Seman, 
managing principal of Paladin Political Group, which Abramson claims to 
have worked at until last month. “We have requested LinkedIn flag her 
profile for fraud.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 121 ---
789
A human resources representative at the second company, where 
Abramson claims to have worked from 2007 to 2011, said that the position 
she lists doesn’t exist.
Abramson herself seems to also not exist. Reverse image searches for her 
LinkedIn profile picture turn up nothing.
An initial search for her picture on Have They Faked Me was negative, but 
barely; a second search a day later was positive. This means either that 
fake photos have likely been made using this image, or that the image 
itself is fake.
Abramson did not respond to numerous messages via voicemail, text, and 
LinkedIn. All calls went to voicemail.
Although she’s not responding to inquiries, Abramson did find time to post 
the press conference details on LinkedIn yesterday.
Richard Whitley is similarly impossible to find. The Daily Dot found no one 
by that name, or any of the variations of Richard, in Washington, D.C on 
LinkedIn or Facebook.
Even the location of the press conference is strange. According to the 
assault allegation, it took place at the Four Seasons in Baltimore in 2014, 
which is on International Drive.
The address for the press conference is also given as an International 
Drive, but in Washington, D.C. That address most closely matches that of 
the Chinese Embassy.
However bizarre, it is possible this location was chosen because the 
coronavirus originated in China.
Given the nature of the allegation and his history, the Daily Dot contacted 
far-right pundit Jacob Wohl to ask if he knew anything about it. Wohl has 
previously been involved with leveling often far-fetched sexual allegations 
against various individuals Republicans consider their enemies: Sen. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 122 ---
790
Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), Pete Buttigieg, and Robert Mueller. Each 
allegation was later resoundingly discredited.
Plus, sham press conferences in the D.C. area are kind of his thing.
Wohl said he had nothing to do with the accusation against Fauci.
“This is the first I’ve heard of it,” he said.
He also said that his frequent co-conspirator and right-wing lobbyist Jack 
Burkman isn’t involved and that no one had contacted him with allegations 
against Fauci. Wohl said that he’s presently in California and has no plans 
to be in D.C. this Tuesday.
It’s beginning to seem unlikely that anyone, least of all Abramson or 
Whitley, will attend the press conference.
As of press time, Fauci had not responded to questions sent to the 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases press office. This story 
will be updated if a response is received following publication.
…………………………………………………………………………………….
This is really pissing me off.   They threaten my life, harass Chris, send obscene texts to 
my children and now this bullshit!
PRESS: The Breakfast Club NYC Radio (D.J. Evy, Angela Yee, and 
Charlamagne tha God; Podcast with Will Smith; White House Press 
Conference (Testing)
April 18, 2020 – Global 2,100,000/140,000; USA – 700,000/36,000
Far right agitating to get back to work.   Much agitation!  Daily articles involving 
me continue to appear. Article  in Today’s Washington Post. Talks about my one 
hour call with the Congressional Black Caucus and how they trust me,but do not 
trust Trump to help them.   They are afraid that I will be fired.
I am getting worn down with all this PLUS my PMR, prednisone and now I have 
lost 8 lbs over the past couple of months
Mary McNamara column in Los Angeles times:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 123 ---
791
Column: Is Anthony Fauci the Sexiest Man 
Alive? Who the hell cares?
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci speaking at the White House Friday.
(Carolyn Kaster / AP)
By MARY MCNAMARACULTURE COLUMNIST AND CRITIC 
APRIL 18, 2020
6 AM
For the love of God, can someone please tear up the petition to make Dr. 
Anthony Fauci People magazine’s Sexiest Man Alive?
If not, can we please at least stop talking about it?
I get that it’s a compliment; for some, heaven help us, the ultimate 
compliment. Fauci’s unflappable and highly competent demeanor has 
been a beacon of strength and surprise amid the squishy, tweet-driven, 
ass-covering, daily-contradictory triumph of personal feelings over 
irrefutable facts that has been the Trump administration’s reaction to this 
pandemic.
Let others voice outrage about churches closing down, or sputter about the 
indignity of wearing masks; express concern about the Dow Jones or 
explain why it is now perfectly safe for Floridians to go back to the beach 
(which they only recently vacated) because, well, just because.
ADVERTISEMENT
Dr. Fauci will continue to stand in front of microphones talking only about 
the things he knows. Not what he wants, wishes, thinks or feels. What he 
knows.
No matter how blatantly Fox News anchors attempt to shift his on-air 
narrative, no matter how often the president contradicts him in public and 
to his face, Dr. Fauci quietly but firmly sticks to the facts.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 124 ---
792
So now expert is the new sexy, from the specs to the striped socks — 
immunology the new rock ’n’ roll. We all feel it, that swoon of relief when 
Fauci begins to speak, but here’s an idea: Let’s not succumb.
Let’s all take a deep, socially distanced breath and choose to resist 
complimenting the person who very possibly stands between 328 million 
Americans and complete disaster by granting him an accolade he would 
share with Chris Hemsworth (no offense, man).
Resist the desire to “humanize” the head of the National Institute of Allergy 
and Infectious Diseases by asking him for dating advice or make him more 
“accessible” by tarting him up with some pop culture makeover.
You think I’m overreacting? There’s already a bobblehead, a late-night fan 
club, a prayer candle and socks; can a reality show be far behind?
Because that’s how it works when you start slinging around the term 
“sexy.” Sexy sells and this economy is going to need some fast, hot sales in 
the near future. Who wouldn’t tune in to see Fauci judge which contestant 
comes up with the best COVID-19-preventing protocols?
But if life is really going to look different in the coming months, let’s begin 
with this.
Let’s not make Anthony Fauci a rock star. Because he doesn’t need to be a 
rock star. He needs to be what he is — a physician and expert 
immunologist who emerged from the AIDS crisis with a unique 
understanding of the relationship among science, humanity and public 
policy. A man with the near-miraculous power to separate his ego from his 
mission, to bring science to an avowedly anti-science presidential 
administration, to express expertise in front of a president who doesn’t 
believe in experts.
Let’s not destroy that highly delicate balance by dragging sexy into it. 
Unlike his late-night fans, or his president, for that matter, Fauci does not 
need to be concerned with television ratings. Wouldn’t it be nice if it 
stayed that way?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 125 ---
793
As scientific fact forces the culture to shift away from desire to reality, we 
have a chance to honor the line between pop culture influence and genuine 
expertise. We know what life looks like when we blur that line. It looks like 
Drs. Oz, Phil and Drew, men who became media personalities because they 
were often willing to tweak facts for the sake of ratings and are now being 
slammed for their inability to stay silent about things they do not 
understand. Like COVID-19, because, guess what? None of them are 
immunologists or epidemiologists, and “Dr. Phil” doesn’t even have a 
medical degree. “We need our mojo back,” Oz said recently on “Hannity,” 
before suggesting that getting kids back in school was worth raising the 
COVID-19 mortality rate. As if some bizarre form of national swagger was 
worth making schoolchildren canaries in a coal mine. (He has since walked 
back his remarks after overwhelming criticism.)
We have a chance to return expert culture to actual experts.
The emergence of personal testimony as a valuable social force — whether 
through memoir, daytime talk show or the blogosphere — was a 
democratizing triumph of popular culture. Millions of people, ignored by 
or refused entrance to traditional means of disseminating information, 
were suddenly being heard. And it changed the world.
It also made everyone an expert.
But the personal is a complement to, not a replacement for, the empirical; 
feelings can stem from or help create facts, but facts exist apart from 
feelings. So while many of us may have felt that COVID-19 was just a form 
of the flu, Fauci and others knew, through their expert ability to analyze 
data, that it was not.
With any luck, Fauci’s expertise will not just save us from the pandemic, 
but it will also remind us that there are times when expertise is the most 
important commodity. Not strong branding, social-media influence, 
likability or audience connection. In our rush to become the next 
YouTube/social media/”America’s Got Talent” star, some of us have 
forgotten the importance of skill sets that have less to do with personality 
and more to do with perseverance. Dr. Fauci is 79 years old; he has served 
as the director of the NIAID since 1984. He knows what he’s talking about 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 126 ---
794
not because he’s cool (which he very well may be) but because he’s been 
talking about it for a very long time.
Fauci has become a star by repeatedly telling the truth even when it’s a 
truth no one wants to hear.
That’s not sexy. That’s astonishing. But I don’t think People magazine has a 
category for that.
……………………………………………………………………………………………………………
E-mail from Holy Cross:
My Fellow Classics Major,
I'm sure you've already received numerous emails about Holy Cross's Giving 
Day today -- BUT have you received one especially for you as a Classics 
Major?
Around the nation, people have deemed Fridays to be #Faucifriday in 
appreciation for our very own Dr. Anthony Fauci. If you weren't aware, Fauci 
was, in fact, a Classics major at Holy Cross!!!
So, in support of Fauci Friday and the college's giving day, let's show the 
Power of Purple by giving back to our beloved school. You can even designate 
your gift towards the lovely Classics Department if you so desire.
To make your gift, please visit: https://www.givecampus.com/4vai5d
Thank you all for your support as alums. Stay safe and healthy!
AJ Wells
Class of 2018 Class Chair
………………………………………………………………………………
PRESS:Greta Van Sustern TV Show – “Full Court Press”  to air tomorrow
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 127 ---
795
April 19, 2020 – Global – 2,200,000/150,000; USA – 725,000/38,000
Much agitation (spurred by the POTUS’s stupid “Liberate Michigan, VA, etc) 
about people wanted to open up.   Rallies with chants of “Fire Fauci”
Had conversation with Jake Tapper who is asking where the 27 million tests by 
end of March came from (Brett Giroir).   Fact is I have no idea how he got that 
number.  Deb Birx has no confidence in Giroir, nor do I.   We are saying that we 
have 1.5 to 2.0 Million tests per week available.   I hope so.   Still there is the 
reality and perception that we do not have enough tests.
Sunday shows kept focusing on testing, testing, testing
Mark Meadows approved our putting out Guideliens for Clinical Management 
(Cliff Lane’s groups) after he made some simple, good suggestions that did not 
imoact integraty of the document.   It will come out under the NIH instead of the 
Task Force or HHS (Alex Azar afraid the POTUS would be upset at the HC 
guideline (no evidence for or against its use) because of the POTUS hailing it.
April 20, 2020 – Global – 2,250,000/153,000; USA – 745,000/35,000
Goodday for me since for the 3rd day in a row, I do not need to be at press 
conference and stand (or sit) there and listen to his stream of consciousness.
I had a major pushback (raising my voice) to Deb and Bob and Steve and Joe 
Grogan in the Sit Room before the TF meeting (mostly Deb) that we are relying 
on numbers from from Bret and Deb has absolutely no confidence in Brett.   
Everyone in the country and the world is saying that we do not have enough 
testing and Brett keeps saying that we do when the people in the trenches all so no.  
We are looking like idiots and I told the group that.   Deb is weak!! She says that 
she has gone to to VP 3 times saying that Brett is a disaste and the VP “cannot do 
anything about it”.   Deb claims that this is because Brett is backed by Jared and 
the VP does not want to go there.   Holy Shit!!!!!   Anmother example:   There are 
number for projected tested over the next few months that Brett is going to put 
infront of the POTUS.   Deb does not believe them and says they are overinflated.   
I told her to take them out since she is the “Coronavirus Coordinator”.   Agains 
she balked until someone in the room (? Works with staff secretary) said that they 
have a screening process that they rarely use with Trump since there are so many 
ways into him (Hope, Jared, etc), but thye might use that process to block this 
false information from getting to the POTUS.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 128 ---
796
Article online in Washington Post (tomorrow in print) giving the history of Brett 
and how he was fired from his job in Texas as heard of a vaccine initiative since 
he “over-promised and did not deliver”.
Georgia and South Carolina starting to open us even though they do not even 
fulfill the criteria for gating, much less going into Phase 1.   I predict that this will 
result in major rebound and said that on GMA (see below).
PRESS:  ABC Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos; YES 
Radio Yankees Network with Jack Curry; NFL PSA
April 21, 2020 – Global – 2,300,000/158,000;      USA – 780,000/41,000;
VP is travelling and so no TF meeting today.   Big stir on TV shows last night 
about some states wanting to open and violating the guidelines for “Opening 
America Again”.   POTUS making things worse by hiscrazy pronouncing 
“Liberate Michigan, Liberate Virgina”.   Really crazy – he himself and us (me, 
Deb) are stressing to abide by the guideliens and he is rabble-rousing by his 
statements.   Typical Trump.   Stir a lot of “Fire Fauci
 out there among the far right.
Call from Sem Lindsey Graham saying that he spoke with POTUS today and 
Graham is afraid that POTUS will not push back against what Georgia Governor 
is doing by “opening up” the state and he wants me to do so.   I do not need him to 
tell me to do that.   I told him that I would.
Call from Ari Emanuel (he calls often) asking when I thuink this will end.  He has 
already lost several hundreds of millions of dollars on cancelled bookings for 
theater, concerts and other events that he runs.
Received call from Dionne Warwick who received an e-mail from a friend asking 
whether vaccuines developed for dog corna virus could help with vaccine 
development for SARS-CoV-19.   Not a stupid question.
Spoke by phone with Governor of Puerto Rico Wanda Vasquez Garced together 
wiyh her Secretary of State.   They wanted to know if I approved of what they 
were doing to mitigate in PR and they had some good questions.
Woman who claimed that I raped her (see above) never materialized.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 129 ---
797
April 22, 2020 – Interesting day -  Rick Bright has gone rogue.   Due to his 
poor performance as head of BARDA, Alex (+/-) Kadlec removed him from his 
post.   We (Francis and I) thought that he would stay at BARDA and spend 50% of 
time at NIH in order to coordinate BARDA with NIH vaccine activities,   We all 
had always felt that he was making bad decisions in his giving hundreds of 
millions of dollars to Phartma companies without any requirements to coordinate 
with NIH and his choices were poor to begin with.   HOWEVER, in what turned 
out to be the most incompetent and botched HR move, they fired him by just 
taking his name and picture off the HHS/BARDA website without even telling 
him.   They then assigned him to be an NIH employee under Francis taking with 
him from BARDA $1 Billion to work on diagnostics with Bruce Trumberg of 
NBIB.    Rick reacted by going public, hiring a lawyer, claiming whistleblower 
status and saying he was fired because he was pushing back against HHS and 
political pressure to fund bad science and certain companies and that he objected 
to pushing HC.   In fact, there are e-mails and memos showing that he himself was 
pushing HC and giving millions to get it out there.   He is an abject LIAR!
I  have been calling Chris Cuomo on his cell (he is sick at home with COVID-19) 
every night (usually after 10:00 PM when his show ends) for the past 2 weeks.   
His fever lingers and his wife Christina and son Mario are both infected, less 
severe than he.   They both have loss of taste and smell and sinusitis.
Georgia Governor Kemp is actually ignoring the guidelines for “Opening Ameica 
Again” by skipping to phase 2 and opening beaches, massage parlors, tatoo shops.   
Crazy!.   A couple of days ago Deb waffled about condemning it, but today she 
convinced the POTUS to back off in supporting Gov. Kemp (R-GA).   During the 
presser, I came out unambiguously saying that Kemp was wrong and if I were his 
advisor, I would tell him not to do that since it risks a rebound.
It seems that the WH is putting me out to the press much less than usual over the 
past week to week and ½.   We shall see.   The relationship between me and Katie 
and Hogan and Devin seems really good and so I do not know what is going on.   
Could be just a coincidence.
My PMR is under control – starting to slowly taper the 15 mg prednisone.   Have 
been on pred. for 36 days
PRESS:  White House Presser
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 130 ---
798
April 23, 2020 – Global – 2,500,000/170,000;   USA – 827,000/47,000;
Interesting day.   Was asked to come to Pentagon (with Deb Birx) by Chairman of 
Joint Chiefs of Staff Mark Milley.   He had Deb and I brief him and his immediate 
staff on how the Armed Forces could best prepare for the future wave (in the Fall 
and beyond) of COVID-19.   All about “force protection”.   We did this in the 
famous “Tank”.   Howver, before we did that he wanted to take a bunch of photos 
with him, his wife, and Vice Chair Gen. John Hyten and Gen.Paul Friedrichs.   
Also, he had me sign his surgical masks and a basketball that was originally 
signed by Coach K of Duke.   I had a wondeful time!!
TF was uneventful.   I was not at presser…..
HOWEVER, the presser was a disaster for the POTUS.   All he did was fight with 
the press   Someone from DHS presented data showing that sunlight, heat and 
humidity “kills’ the virus.   Actually, they presented this at the TF meeting and the 
POTUS did not even know about it.   When the DHS guy presented it, the press 
tore it apart as a gimmick from the POTUS. Also, the POTUS incredibily made 
the comment that one should consider injecting or swallowing these disinfectants 
(including chlorax-like substances) as a “cure”.   Deb almost fainted on stage,  
Thank God I was not there,  After the presser, CNN with Erin Burnett presented a 
segment of the clash between the scientists (almost exclusively me) and the 
POTUS.   They showed a point-by-point contrast of me versus the POTUS.  Let us 
see what the reaction is tomorrow at the TF meeting. 
After the presser (about 1 hour) Deb Birx texted and then called me saying it was 
good that I was not there since after the presser, the POTUS called her into the 
Oval and started yelling at her saying “You and Fauci have destroyed the country 
and the economy.   I should never have listened to you.   You have completely 
destroyed us.”   He kept saying this over and over again and was yelling at her.   I 
encouraged her that we are OK and at the end of the day she and I will be loved by 
the people we care about.   She was relieved and after wrote me a text sincerely 
thanking me.   
PRESS: None
April 24, 2020 – Global – 2,600,000/177,000; USA – 860,000/49,000.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 131 ---
799
Press having a field day trashing the POTUS for his statement about “drinking 
bleach”.  Consuming the press.
Will brief Governors today with the POTUS.   Governor talk went well.  Cuomo 
stated what I had been saying all along that we need a “partnership” between USG 
and States.   Note the POTUS goes back and forth and has often said that the 
States are on their own and when I say “partnership” there was some concern that 
I was contradicting POTUS.
Fir first time the POTUS had a presser and walked out without answering any 
questions.   
Axios wrote that he may greatly diminish pressers.  He used to love them due to 
the “ratings” of viewers.   However, his people are now telling him that it is 
greatly hurting his approval ratings.
April 25, 2020 – (Saturday) – Very brief TF at the WH today.   No press 
conference.  
Much discussion about the plasn of the states to open.
A lot of buzz in the media about Azar very likely getting fired.   Reuters wrote a 
smear piece on him and attacked Brian Harrison (his COS) for be a dog breeder 
since he raised labradoodles at some ime in his life.   Very unfair.
Also, it is clear that theyare gradually keeping me off the press conferences with 
the POTUS and not allowing me on TV/radio nearly as much.   NBC reported that 
of the last 7 press confercens, I was at 1 and I usually get 2-3 media hiots per day 
and I have only done 2 last week – FOX with Laura Ingraham and GMA with 
Stephanopoulos.  Katie Miller no longe doing press assignments.   Now it is 
Kayleigh McEnany and Alyssa FarahAlexa.
See below from April 24:
Fauci's absence from recent coronavirus 
briefings draws notice
The national health expert was in attendance for just one of this week's seven briefings.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 132 ---
800
President Donald Trump reacts as Dr. Anthony Fauci steps away from the podium after 
speaking and answering questions at the daily coronavirus task force briefing at the 
White House on April 22, 2020.Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
April 25, 2020, 3:22 PM EDT / Updated April 25, 2020, 4:14 PM EDT
By Monica Alba, Kristen Welker and Carol E. Lee
WASHINGTON — Until this week, Dr. Anthony Fauci was a near-constant presence at 
the daily coronavirus task force briefings at the White House. As the head of the National 
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases for 35 years, his expertise on the global 
pandemic has been a reassuring force for millions of Americans concerned about how 
COVID-19 has uprooted their lives.
Of the roughly 50 press conferences on the health crisis so far, Fauci had only missed a 
handful. But now, for the first time since regular press conferences began on the topic, 
Fauci was only present for one of seven briefings this week.
While Fauci gave media interviews throughout the week, his absence at the podium 
Friday was notable given the president’s controversial remarks a day earlier about using 
light and disinfectants to possibly treat the deadly respiratory illness.
And though Fauci regularly shares his decades-long infectious disease knowledge 
publicly, one administration official suggested there’s a preference that Fauci do more of 
that behind closed doors so it doesn’t appear he’s on such a different page from the 
president.
“You are here in a certain role, you’ve got to give advice privately,” this official said.
Members of the president’s task force have taken notice of Fauci’s diminished public 
profile, as well. There is mounting frustration among some of them with Fauci, who has, 
at times, publicly contradicted President Trump. Adding to the tensions, some officials 
complain they feel caught off guard by some of Fauci’s media interviews.
When asked why he was only at the briefing once this week, an administration official 
tells NBC News that Fauci "does have other responsibilities at NIH. Just because he is 
not at the briefing does not mean he’s not actively involved in task force meetings and 
briefings."
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 133 ---
801
White House Deputy Press Secretary Judd Deere was more direct, telling NBC News that 
"despite the media’s ridiculous efforts to somehow create distance between the president 
and his top health experts, it is simply fake news."
"President Trump has relied on and consulted with Dr. Adams, Dr. Birx, Dr. Fauci, Dr. 
Hahn, Dr. Redfield, and many others," Deere added, "as he has confronted this 
unforeseen, unprecedented crisis and put the full power of the federal government to 
work to slow the spread, save lives, and place this great country on a data-driven path to 
opening up again."
The most recent example of discord came on Thursday when an interview with “TIME” 
revealed the doctor had a dismal view of the country’s testing capability.
“We absolutely need to significantly ramp up, not only the number of tests but the 
capacity to actually perform them,” Fauci said. “I am not overly confident right now at all 
that we have what it takes to do that.”
When asked later in the day if he agreed with Fauci, the president said: “I don't agree 
with him on that, no, I think we're doing a great job on testing.”
On Wednesday, the only day Fauci joined for the briefing this week, he refuted the 
president’s assertion that coronavirus “may not come back at all” this year and, if it does, 
it would just be “embers” or “pockets.” Minutes later, Fauci took to the lectern to state 
definitively: “We will have coronavirus in the fall. I am convinced of that.”
While Fauci has appeared on most Sunday shows through March and April, he did not 
appear last weekend and is not currently slated to be on any of the political programs in 
the coming days.
Given Fauci’s absence from the briefings this week, several of the president’s aides and 
allies have started to wonder what it means about their relationship. Officials close to the 
task force, however, insist Fauci’s role is seen as critical to the pandemic response and 
maintain his job is safe.
And, the decision to skip the briefings may be Fauci’s own, given that he called the 
sometimes two-hour, marathon events “really draining” recently. Aides also said Fauci is 
a regular attendee at the closed-door meetings that often take place right before the 
televised pressers.
Experts agree Fauci’s storied career in the industry means he seeks little praise and 
doesn’t need the president’s approval to perform his duties.
“If you’re somebody who aspires to have impact in public health as a physician or 
provider, you should look no further than Dr. Fauci or Dr. Birx, which spans 
administrations,” said Dr. Vin Gupta, a pulmonologist and global health policy expert 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 134 ---
802
who is an NBC News medical contributor. “I think at the end of the day, the president 
needs Fauci more than Fauci needs any of this.”
His job is considered the “ultimate balancing act,” according to Dr. Kavita Patel, also an 
NBC News contributor. Watching the president continue to ad-lib medical advice from 
the White House briefing room “has to be frustrating” for Fauci, whose day job entails 
research on a potential vaccine, but he is likely aware that the pandemic response will 
take months and months so he takes a longer view. “He is a runner, and I am sure part of 
this is viewing COVID-19 task force as a marathon not a sprint,” she said.
Besides the president and Vice President Pence, the only coronavirus task force member 
who has appeared at more briefings is coordinator Dr. Deborah Birx. Neither doctor 
attended Friday’s briefing, which was the shortest to date. And, in a first at these kinds of 
newsers, Trump and Pence took no questions.
White House officials provided no explanation for the abbreviated appearance and lack of 
medical professionals like Birx and Fauci.
Earlier this month, the president elevated a tweet that contained the hashtag “FireFauci.” 
Advisers close to both men denied that was ever under consideration and the two later 
said publicly they had a good relationship and will continue to work together.
Even so, the president does not have the direct authority to dismiss Fauci. The president 
could, in theory, direct Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar to see to it that 
Fauci is fired. Azar would then have to direct the NIH head to oust Fauci. As a federal 
employee, Fauci can only be fired “for cause.”
If he were to be removed, however unlikely, it would cause “irreparable harm,” Gupta 
said.
Occasionally in recent weeks, when Fauci hasn’t been seen among the group of aides 
emerging from the bright blue doors of the West Wing to start the briefings, observers on 
social media have wondered aloud: “Where’s Fauci?”
The answer for most of this week, at least: no longer at the president’s side in the daily 
briefings.
Monica Alba
Monica Alba is a political reporter for NBC News.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 135 ---
803
Kristen Welker
Kristen Welker is a White House correspondent for NBC News.
Carol E. Lee
Brad Pitt plays me on Saturday Night Live and thanks me in serious tone 
after his skit.    https://people.com/tv/brad-pitt-portrays-dr-anthony-fauci-on-snl-at-
home/
Song about me: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vp5rc8FCR8I&feature=youtu.be&f
bclid=IwAR1FbjNMK-
UOiSiDjZLHahjlsZs562qv1ueN6avimgocc0nhlOwoTkIafXQ
April 26, 2020 – (Sunday) – Global – 2,750,000/190,000;  USA – 930,000/53,000
I was not on Sunday shows.   Deb was on CNN with Jake Tapper and did not answer the 
question of whether it was a mistake for the POTUS to talk about injecting or swallowing 
bleach.   Jake wrote me a text afterwards and said: “Birx has lost her way I fear.   She has 
chosen to focus on defending the president and attacking the press.   Odd.”
Had very important teleconference that I called for , but was chaired by Francis 
Collins and Bob Kadlec.  The entire call was to align BARDA with the mission of 
NIH.   Up to now, BARDA did what they wanted as a “parallel” component to 
NIH in HHS without any real consultation or coordination.   They are OK for 
taking a hand-off from us on a product that we do early concept and development 
and then give to them to fund a company to make a product and oput inot SNS.   
However, when it comes to the emergency of making a vaccine and they (without 
even consulting with us) give hundreds of millions of dollars each to several 
PHARMA companies to go their own way with no stipulations or requirements for 
coordination with us, then that is unacceptable.   We discussed the need to re-boot 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 136 ---
804
with regard to BARDA and NIH and have them fund companies with the 
condition that they coordinate (protocol design, lab data, DSMBs, etc.) with NIH.  
Peter Marks (FDA) will help lead this new approach.   Francis and Bob Kadlec are 
totally on board.   Now the devil is in the details. 
April 27, 2020 – Global – 2,800,000/195,000; USA – 955,000/54,000
Stay heads up to a marked decrease in WH Comms allowing me to go on national 
media compared to 2 weeks ago.  Let us see what happens.
Big topics this week is the opening plans of various states and how they align with 
the “Opening America Again” Guidelines
Briefed the Governors on the “Blueprint for Testing to Open Ameica Again”.   
They all sounded like everything was fine with testing and praised the POTUS (at 
least the GOPs did), and Brett gave his usual overly optimistic report on how 
many tests we will have out there.  However, when the press asked the Governors 
about their ability to test, many (mostly DEMS) still complained.
Bobbleheads of me being made in massive quantities in China: Video: Bobblehead 
dolls of US disease expert Dr Anthony Fauci being made by Chinese factory 
https://bit.ly/3eRnRh0 
Great news from Emily Erbelding:   The randomized  placebo controlled trial of 
Remdesivir in hospitalized patients with COVID-19 disease has fully enrolled 
1063 patients throughout the world (ACTT-1 Study).   The DSMB met and 
indicated that remdesivir had a 31% higher rate of recovery compared to the 
placebo group (p < 0.001).   The death rate approached significance (P=0.059).   
Data sets not complete and will likely require a few mored days to tidy up.   
However, the site invrestigators will be notified tomorrow night at 7:00 PM for 
ethical reasons – to make sure that those who might be on the placebo limb would 
have the opportunity to get Remdesivir and all other placebo-controlled trials need 
to consider Remdesivir as now SOC. This information will almost certainly leak 
and so I have decided to ask Mark Meadows if I could announce these preliminary 
data at a presser at the WH tomorrow (Wednesday).
PRESS: Telemundo Un Nuevo Dia (TV); 
April 28, 2020 – Global – 3,000,000/200,000;       USA – 1,000,000/56,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 137 ---
805
Meeting with Joe Grogan group in Roosevelt Room.   Joe is pissed that the 
individual guidances for special situations, i.e. restaurants, Child care centers, etc, 
do not align with the various phases of re-opening.   Also, CDC again were late 
and off on their own regarding guidelines for surveillance.   CDC is tone deaf to 
how everyone feels that they are not up to the task.
Briefed Kayleigh McEnany and Mark Meadows about the Remdesivir trial.   Mark 
and Kaylee agree that I should announce this at a presser tomorrow.   I warn Mark 
that we cannot allow the POTUS to ad lib and over-promise since I will be very 
conservative.
Called up Mersad  Parsey at Gilead out of courtesy to infrom him that I will be 
announcing this at the Presser.   Amazingly, (or not) he asked me to hold off until 
Thursday informing the PIs at the sites tonight so that they can formulate a 
statement and policy to not allow an unfavorable or too favorable response of the 
Stock Market.   I immediately told him that no way do I want to discuss the stock 
market with him and this was inappropriate.   He backed off.
PRESS: Bloomberg News (John Lauerman, print); Economics Club Podcast 
with David Rubenstein; Ryan Zimmerman Podcast; New York Times Sports 
Editor print interview; CNN “The Lead” with Jake Tapper.
April 29, 2020 – Global – 3,000,000/203,000                 USA – 1,100,000/58,000;
Eventful day.   Was supposed to present the Remdesivir findings at the usual 5:00 
PM press conference at the WH.   Marc Short called me when I was at NIH office 
and said to rush down to Wh since the POTUS was going to have a press 
availability with John Bell Edwards (Democratic Governor of Lousiana).   George 
Adams drove me down to Wh with lights flashing and we got there in 17.5 
minutes (Yikes).  I present the data to multiple cameras in the Oval Office with 
POTUS sitting there.   POTUS took me aside and said”Be enthusiastic, Tony.  Be 
Optimistic, we need to open up the economy.   It is very important”.   I told him 
that I would tell it like it is.   He nodded OK.   I gave ameasure, accurate 
presentation.   Great success.
In afternoon, HHS (with Paul Mango, Alex Azar, Bob Kadlec, Peter Marks, Bob 
Johnson, Francis Collins, Bruce Tromberg)  presented our new vaccine strategic 
plan to the TF led by Deb Birx.   Deb immediately tore everything apart 
(somewhat overly done).   Poor Peter Marks took the brunt of it.   She said we 
should have brought in all the companies that have a track record with their 
platforms and guided them and funded them to go after COVID-19 instead of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 138 ---
806
waiting for companies to come in themselves and ask for money.   She does not 
like “newer technology” such as mRNA, DNA, and even some virasl vectors.   
She likes antigens, whole killed, etc.   A bit overdetermined in her prejudice.  
However, she did have a point that btu did not fully realize that this is the problem 
that I have had with BARDA for years.   They just give out money without 
coordinating anything.   Very tense meeting!!
The rest of the world still pushing that we are not doing enough testing.
Clerarly a trend towards the Comms folks (Kayleaigh and Alyssa) focusing on 
economic re-entry and trying to hold back to POTUS from his disastrous press 
confererences and so the pressers are being cut back.   None today; only the above 
Oval with Gov. Edwrads
Becoming rather friendly with Jared.   Clearly, he respects me
PRESS:  Made presentation at  presser in Oval Office on the ACTT-1 trial.   
Got picked up by multiple networks/cable.
April 30, 2020 – Global – 3,020,000/210,000;  USA – 1,030,000/61,000;
New York Times had my picture and front page of Sports Section today with the 
headline saying that I believe that professional sports may need to be cancelled 
this season.  That was not what I said.   Like I said clearly in the Ryan Zimmerman 
interview, it would depend on the status of the virus in any given City.   We could 
do sports only on TV or we could have the stadiums half full or completely full or 
not at all.   They headlined the latter.
The media frenzy continues on and on with me:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 139 ---
807
Announcement today that Joe Grogan will resign as Director of the Domestic 
Policy Council on May 24 (3 weeks).   Another example of the changes that Mark 
Meadows is making along with shaking up the Comms group.
Amazing story about me in Forbes:
https://www.forbes.com/sites/williammeehan/2020/04/30/anthony-s-fauci-md-part-iii-
the-7-principles-of-faucian-leadership/#7b76aef7313d
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 140 ---
808
Had another tense meeting in Roosevelt Room led by Joe Grogan and Deb.   Deb. 
again attacked (somewhat justifiably) the lack of leaderhip at HHS central.   Steve 
Hahn piled on too even obliquely criticizing Azar.   Problem is that we are 
suffering now from the weakness and complete inadequacy of BARDA.   We 
(NIAID – particularly John Macola/Cliff and Carl can do the massive master-
protocol trial of multiple candiates.   The central leadership is lacking.   Alex has 
failed to hold Bob Kadlec responsible and Bob has completely delegated BARDA 
to a group of weak people who are fixed in ways that you can get awaywith in 
normal times, but defimitely not when you are in a global health crisis wher the 
country and the world depends on us to develop a vaccine and therapies.   Right 
now, vaccine is critical.   I will meet tomorrow with Francis, Cliff and John to plan 
how to handle this.
Did a Zoom call with a whole host of movie stars and athletes organizef by Kim 
Kardashian:
Here is the list 
1.Michael Kives
2.Lydia Kives
3.Nico Mizrahi
4.Ben Schwerin
5.Eric Stonestreet
6.Jamie Schneider Mizrahi
7.Kate Hudson
8.Mikey Hess
9.Katy Perry
10.Orlando Bloom
11.Chris Rock
12.Scooter Braun
13. Yael Cohen 
14.Chris Paul
16.Josh Gad
18.Misha Nonoo
19.Dwayne Wade
20.James Corden
21.Gwyneth Paltrow
22.Ashton Kutcher 
23.Mila Kunis 
24.Kevin Durant
25.Kendall Jenner
26.Kim Kardashian
27.Ariana Grande
28.Paula Abdul
29.2 Chainz
30.Michael Buble
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 141 ---
809
31.Usher
32.Demi Lovato 
33.Brad Falchuk
34.Michael Jordan
PRESS:  NBC Today Show with Savannah Guthrie; Zoom call with 
Hollywood stars; CNN Coronavirus Town Hall with Sanjay Gupta and 
Anderson Cooper
May 1, 2020 – Global – 3,090,000/218,000;  USA – 1,100,000/63,000
Mike Caputo is delighted with the event last night.   It is interesting that he is one 
of my greatest fan and he is sincere.   So different from some of the shit I took 
during the esarly years of the Obama administration with that asshole Jenny 
Bacchus who always hesitated to put me on TV until Denis McDonough and Lisa 
Monaco of the White House intervened.
And the media blitz goes on:
Dr. Anthony Fauci And Andrew Cuomo Remain The Most Trusted Leaders 
On Coronavirus, While Donald Trump And Jared Kushner Are The Least 
Trusted.
Grace Panetta writes for Business Insider (4/30, 3.67M) that NIAID Director Dr. Anthony 
Fauci “and Gov. Andrew Cuomo remain the most trusted leaders Americans look to for 
official advice on the coronavirus crisis, while President Donald Trump and White House 
advisor Jared Kushner still rank at the bottom.” Consumers’ “levels of trust in the top officials’ 
handling of the crisis [have] remained remarkably steady across...three surveys.” 
……………………………………………………………………………………………………
Had Zoom talk with Mike Lerner (owner of Nats)and Ted Leonis (Owner of Caps, Mystis, 
Wizards).   Long conversation with them about opening up the sports seasons, particularly, 
imminently the Nats.   I gave them the usual discussions.   They want me to throw out the 1st 
ball at Nats stadium and drop the puck at the Hockey game, etc.
May 2, 2020 – Global – 3,200,000/225,000;   USA – 1,100,000/65,000’
Big push on the part of states >32 to rush to reopening, some like Texas and 
Georgia more than others.   Militia-types in Michigan going to the Capitol armed 
and demanding of the Governor to “open up” Michigan.   Much stress about the 
economy being destroyed.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 142 ---
810
White House not allowing me to respond to request from Rosa DeLauro to testify 
before the House Committee.   Makes front page news everywhere together with 
tweet storm.   WH will allow me to testify before the Senate Help Committee.  
Situation very tense:
Economic Policy
White House blocks Fauci from testifying 
before House panel, committee 
spokesman says
An Appropriations subcommittee sought to call the 
health official to testify next week
Anthony S. Fauci in early April. (Jabin Botsford/The 
Washington Post)
By 
Erica Werner and 
Mike DeBonis 
May 1, 2020 at 5:34 p.m. EDT
Biden accused of groping a woman (Tara Reade) in his Senate office decaades 
ago.
Yesterday Peter Staley called me up and said that some (? how many) members of 
the scientific and old activist community are disappointed in me for appearing in 
the Oval Office with the announcement of the Remdesivir results, making it a 
political thing used by Trump.   I can see theor point, but  I had not choice (see 
above).   I rectified that yesterday (later in the day)( when at the TF meeting, Jared 
Kushner arranged to have a photo op in the Oval Office celebrating the domnation 
of >1 million doses of Remdesivir to the USG to distribute to people who needed 
it.   They wanted me, Bob Redfield, Deb, and Azar to pose for photos with the 
POTUS and the CEO of Gilead.   I asked Narc Sort to step out of the Sit Room 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 143 ---
811
and I explained that I could not do this since my colleagues would say (and so 
would I) that I am seting ovrer the line.   I explained to Marc the aversion 
scientists (of any political persuasion) have for politicizing science.   He 
understood completely and we wen back inot the room and I told the VP the same 
thing and he wa very supportive.   Deb and Bob were clearly not happy with what 
I did, likely because they also felt uncomformtable, but had no choice since they 
are political appointees.   Such is life.   I made the correct decision.
More  of the constant surrealness.   Here for Mother’s Day
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 144 ---
812
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 145 ---
813
May 3, 2020  (Sunday) – Global – 3,300,000/230,000;  USA – 1,130,000/66,000
Continued big push tio re-open despite many states lacking the criteria to do so.
Not on any Sunday shows.   Washington Post article today states that the 
administration is cutting down media appearances by Deb and me and giving more 
to the economists, Kudlow, Mnuychin and Hassett.   Theyare cutting me more 
than Deb.
Fauci-maddness continues with multiple articles and every sort of paraphernalia 
and restaurant and foods named after me.
Amazing aryicle in USA Today:
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2020/05/03/coronavirus-white-house-
expert-dr-anthony-fauci-americans-trust/3042991001/
Straight-talking Dr. Anthony 
Fauci is the voice 
Americans want to hear 
right now. So, who is he?
Marco della Cava
USA TODAY
AD
5:37
Dr. Anthony Stephen Fauci didn’t grow up wanting to be famous. Mostly he 
just wanted to make a difference. But now a lifetime of service has flicked on a 
searing spotlight.
Perhaps not since the late actor Jack Palance did one-armed push-ups at the 
1991 Oscars at age 73 – YouTube it, millennials – has the nation been this 
seduced by a senior citizen. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 146 ---
814
By virtue of his calm, Brooklyn-inflected White House briefings 
on coronavirus that frequently if diplomatically contradict statements by 
President Donald Trump, Fauci, 79, has become a meme, spawned fan clubs 
and been lovingly parodied by Brad Pitt.
Fauci’s longtime official title is director of the National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases, a part of the National Institutes of Health. But since 
becoming the face of this country's COVID-19 pandemic, the career 
immunologist who has battled everything from AIDS to Ebola 
is increasingly referred to as America’s Doctor.
And he's in the headlines again this week, having been barred by the White 
House from addressing House lawmakers Wednesday on the topic of the 
administration's response to the crisis. Instead, Fauci will meet with a GOP-led 
subcommittee on May 12.
So just who is Tony Fauci?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 147 ---
815
Interviews with friends and colleagues offer overlapping descriptions of a man 
as dedicated to hard work – endless hours peppered with power walks – as he is 
to his wife, scientist Christine Grady, and three accomplished daughters.
They describe a man who takes as much pride in his Bolognese pasta sauce (the 
key, one friend says, is the long-simmering time) as he does in enduring 
relationships. He's a burger and beer at the bar guy, but also a public servant 
built for our trying times.
“Tony’s capable of elevating his game to whatever is needed, and more has 
been demanded of him now than in any time in his career,” says Michael 
Osterholm, director of the University of Minnesota’s Center for Infectious 
Disease Research and Policy. “In the eyes of the American public, he’s the 
voice we need right now, one of credibility.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 148 ---
816
Steven Gabbe met Fauci when both were at Cornell Medical College in New 
York City in the late 1960s, and “the person you see now on TV is the same 
guy I met back then, smart and humble.”
Gabbe, emeritus CEO of The Ohio State University Wexner Medical Center in 
Columbus, lauds his friend’s sense of humor. "I’m sure he finds it entertaining 
that there are bobblehead dolls of him now," he says. "But he’s so grounded I 
don’t think it would go to his head.”
Fauci would be excused it if did. In a recent survey of 1,900 registered U.S. 
voters, Morning Consult asked respondents whom they would trust "a lot" or 
"some" to end social distancing. Fauci and the Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention topped the list among all voters with 71% trust ratings.
Get the Coronavirus Watch newsletter in your 
inbox.
Stay safe and informed with updates on the spread of the coronavirus
Delivery: Varies
Your Email
Three months in:A timeline of how COVID-19 has unfolded in the US
Such a high-profile status inevitably also has generated criticism.
Right-wing pundits have assailed how shelter-in-place guidelines he supported 
have impacted the economy, leading conservative internet TV host Bill 
Mitchell to tweet “this Dr. Doom Fauci is the most depressing idiot I’ve ever 
listened to.”
That harsh assessment has some grounding in a real issue, says Jonathan Engel, 
professor at the Marxe School of Public and International Affairs at Baruch 
College, part of the City University of New York system.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 149 ---
817
“Cost-benefit analysis is not the way Fauci thinks, he’s a physician and 
immunologist,” says Engel. “So that’s where the frustration in some red states 
comes from. You’re saving lives, but you’re also destroying lives. Someone 
else needs to be there to step back and think about the whole picture, but that’s 
not Fauci’s role.”
Get daily coronavirus updates in your inbox:Sign up for our newsletter now.
Critics ask: Did Fauci 'miss it'?
Even some fellow scientists who praise Fauci’s professional accomplishments 
suggest not only that he was late sounding the alarm, but that having one 
celebrated virus point person is dangerous.
“In January, February and part of March there was one physician on show after 
show, him, and while he’s great at explaining things, in terms of telling the 
country to get prepared, he missed it,” says Marty Makary, professor at the 
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. “My concern is not with 
Anthony Fauci as much as it is in a media and policy world that puts its faith in 
one person.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 150 ---
818
If anything, Fauci’s rise highlights the fact that no one person regardless of 
their stature – his laurels include almost every scientific accolade short of a 
Nobel Prize – should hold all the reins when it comes to national and global 
pandemics.
“Tony’s taken on this big role in part because of the vacuum that exists,” says 
David Relman, a Fauci friend and professor of medicine at Stanford University.
“But what if the next pandemic destroys our food? Or a bioterror attack?” he 
says. “We need a new leadership system that sits inside the White House, 
where people have the authority to tell the Attorney General what to do, or the 
Federal Reserve or the Secretary of Defense, so you can move fast. Tony can’t 
do that. No one can. The system needs to change.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 151 ---
819
Fauci’s current national stature indeed appears unique in U.S. history, says 
historian Douglas Brinkley of Rice University in Houston, citing past examples 
that fall short.
In the late 1700s, a yellow fever outbreak in Philadelphia caused President 
George Washington to flee the city, leaving in charge the preeminent doctor 
and fellow Founding Father, Benjamin Rush.
When President Woodrow Wilson got sick while visiting Paris during World 
War I, many scholars believe his physician and his wife were running the 
country for a spell.
“So you have moments when doctors have become the voice of the country, but 
nothing like this,” says Brinkley. “The straight talking Fauci is what you want 
to hear, much like if you go to a doctor you don’t want spin or blarney.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 152 ---
820
Brinkley says after the coronavirus pandemic starts to recede, Fauci is likely to 
go down in history “as one of few scientists who are now household names.”
Some suggest Fauci enjoys this new spotlight too much. Although an NIAID 
press officer said Fauci was too busy for an interview, the doctor's media 
appearances are frequent and varied, from network news and comedy shows to 
online interviews with sports icons such as basketball star Steph Curry.
Fauci Pouchys and 'Docta Fauci'
And yet the public can’t seem to get enough. The Anthony Fauci Fan Club on 
Twitter has 24,000 followers and a pinned tweet that reads: “If you don’t have 
a crush on this man, do you even care about public health?”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 153 ---
821
New York-based singer Missy Modell rewrote the lyrics to Lady Gaga’s 
2008 hit “Paparazzi” to rhyme with “Docta Fauci.” Her Instagram hit includes 
the line, “Tony, there’s no other superstar except for Andy,” New York 
governor Andrew Cuomo.
Fauci’s likeness is splashed on coffee mugs, T-shirts and even donuts. In 
Washington, D.C., the town Fauci calls home, Capo’s Speakeasy teamed up 
with a real estate company to sell Fauci Pouchy to-go drinks, cocktails in see-
through sealed bags emblazoned with the doctor's image.
At Chef Geoff’s in northwest D.C., Fauci and his wife, a nurse bioethicist at the 
NIH, are regulars who in pre-virus times would pull up bar stools and order 
Chef Geoff Burgers and beers, says owner Geoff Tracy. He posted a sign 
warning take-out customers, “Dr. Antony Fauci is a long time guest and he 
wants SIX FEET.”
“He’s a genuinely nice human being, and I deal with a lot who aren’t 
sometimes,” says Tracy, whose wife, CBS anchor Norah O’Donnell, has 
interviewed Fauci over the years. Tracy says Fauci’s sudden ascent into the pop 
culture firmament doesn’t surprise him. But he doubts it phases Fauci.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 154 ---
822
“My father-in-law is an infectious disease doctor, and these guys not about 
picking fights or the limelight,” says Tracy. “They’re about sharing information 
and guiding you. And no one’s better at that than Tony.”
Fauci recently told an interviewer he appreciated the way “classy” actor Brad 
Pitt played him on a recent Saturday Night Live stay-at-home broadcast, this 
after Fauci said in an interview that Pitt would be his top choice for someone to 
impersonate him on the show. But friends note celebrities don't really phase 
him.
Stanford professor Relman, who focuses on microbiology and immunology, 
recalls talking to Fauci about the time U2 singer Bono, who has focused his 
philanthropy on Africa, wanted to discuss disease issues with Fauci.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 155 ---
823
“Tony thought it would cause too big a scene at the NIH, so he just told Bono 
to come over to his house,” says Relman. “Bono did, but Tony forgot that that 
might completely freak out his daughters, which it did. Those are just his 
circles. His ability to talk honestly about important matters causes people to 
seek him out.”
Study:Americans trust Fauci more than Trump or their own governors
Fauci's hoop dreams dashed by height
Fauci grew up in Brooklyn the grandson of Italian immigrants. His parents ran 
a pharmacy. He did deliveries on his bicycle, while his older sister Denise ran 
the register.
In past interviews, Fauci hasn’t revealed much about his hard-working 
upbringing except to say that it laid the foundation for a life ultimately devoted 
to science and public service.
Fauci went to Regis High School in Manhattan, which required commuting for 
hours on buses and subways. Although a stand-out basketball player, his height, 
5-foot-7, prompted him to look for a career outside sports.
For college, he attended Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts, which like 
Regis was run by Jesuits, whose educational philosophy seeks to meld 
spirituality – Fauci is a lifelong Catholic – with social justice.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 156 ---
824
The experience was formative, says Eric Goosby, a distinguished professor of 
medicine at the University of California, San Francisco, who met Fauci in the 
1980s and has been a frequent guest at his friend’s pasta Bolognese dinners. 
(“He’ll call me days before to make sure I’m still coming,” he says with a 
laugh.)
“Tony was deeply affected by exposure to the Jesuit order, which fostered in 
him a self-expectation of service,” says Goosby. “This guy goes to sleep and 
wakes up asking, 'Have I done everything I can do?' It’s in his DNA.”
As is a fierce work ethic. In summers during college, Fauci worked 
construction. As the story goes, one job found him helping on a new building at 
the Cornell Medical College. Fauci vowed one day he would be an alum, and 
made it happen.
“That story says it all to me,” says his friend Gabbe. “He just has this powerful 
drive that won’t be stopped. The same thing happened when he graduated and 
told people he was going to the NIH to study infectious diseases. People told 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 157 ---
825
him they were all conquered, this was a career-killer move. Not long after, 
AIDS hit.”
Fauci’s role in the AIDS epidemic changed him. At first, he tackled the 
growing crisis with a measured, data-driven approach to trying to find a 
treatment. But that methodical tack infuriated gay activists watching friends die 
daily.
“Initially, Fauci was very rigid in his approach to AIDS and people like (gay 
rights activist and playwright) Larry Kramer got in his face, calling him the 
worst things,” says Baruch College professor Engel, who wrote “The Epidemic: 
A Global History of AIDS.” “And to Fauci’s credit, he got it and he changed.”
Fauci had been seen as the detached scientific face of an uncaring 
administration led by President Ronald Reagan, late to understanding the scope 
of the AIDS crisis. Fauci started to meet with members of the gay rights 
community and quickly understood the need to include those who were 
suffering in finding a solution.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 158 ---
826
Goosby, who was running of one the nation’s first AIDS clinics in the late ‘80s, 
recalls attending a meeting with Fauci in Washington, D.C. The gathering was 
attacked by ACT UP activists, who locked the meeting’s attendees, there to 
discuss new drugs to fight HIV, inside the hall with chains.
“A lot of us were nervous and scared of possible violence,” Goosby recalls. 
“But Tony looked at us and said, ‘This is our chance to learn about the 
frustrations of the community. It’s an opportunity for us to learn and serve.’ I’ll 
never forget that.”
Fauci turned enemies into allies
That shift in attitude – away from the rigidity of scientific pursuits and towards 
an embrace of the human reality – soon turned enemies into lifelong friends, 
says Matt Sharp, a San Francisco-based AIDS survivor and activist who was 
part of many ACT UP protests in the nation’s capital aimed at calling out 
Fauci.
“What developed was a very interesting mutual respect, where you have a hero 
who once was an enemy,” says Sharp. “Once we got him to relate to us and our 
reality, trust was established. Today, the AIDS community is glad he’s the one 
leading this effort right now.”
Over what is now nearly a 50-year career with the NIH, Fauci has worked for 
presidents as philosophically wide-ranging as Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill 
Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama, helping them through crises that 
included the post-9/11 anthrax scares, SARS in 2003, H1N1 in 2009 and Ebola 
in 2014.
Those who know Fauci marvel at how he keeps his political leanings private.
“I honestly don’t know if he’s a Democrat or Republican,” says Sharp. “But I 
know he’s got an amazing grace and an ability to cut through the b-----. That’s 
his genius.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 159 ---
827
That skill is particularly valuable now, as Fauci continues to navigate his truth-
telling role for a president whose response to criticism often is dismissal.  
“He has always had a knack for telling it like it is, and letting the political chips 
fall where they may,” says Stanford’s Relman. “Don’t forget, Tony Fauci is 
proud card-carrying New Yorker. He has a blunt, endearing and no-nonsense 
New York attitude, and I think Trump kind of gets that.”
Indeed, a brief #FireFauci firestorm that flared in the wake of Fauci appearing 
to show exasperation at the president’s coronavirus remarks ended with Trump 
saying Fauci wasn’t going anywhere.
That’s probably just fine with Fauci. He may not get much sleep these days, 
and he’s contending with political forces dueling over just how much reopening 
the country will lead to another coronavirus case spike and then more shut-
downs.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 160 ---
828
But friends insist he’d wouldn’t want to be anywhere other than in this hot seat. 
Says Osterholm of the University of Minnesota: "I would go so far as to say 
Tony's been the right man for the job for several decades now."
The recipe for that success perhaps can be found in remarks Fauci made around 
this time in 2016 to the graduating class at Ohio State University.
Fauci started out by telling the graduates – in his trademark Brooklyn patois 
that made “honor” sound like on-AH and “poverty” like PAW-vaty – that if 
they’re like him, they’ll soon forget every word their commencement speaker 
said.
Then over the next 12 succinct minutes, Fauci laid out five credos to live by: 
Be a perpetual student, expect the unexpected, embrace public service, lead by 
example, and, finally, pursue happiness.
As prescriptions go, Fauci has taken his own medicine. When he is at that West 
Wing lectern, he seems to radiate a sense of satisfaction at simply being of 
service despite the attendant slings and arrows of the post. 
“Different pursuits provide joy," Fauci urged the gradates. "Find your source of 
joy, and embrace it.”
……………………………………………………………………………………
…..
Important and somewhat ridiculous issue with Pence wanting to come to NIH 
to thank the people at VRC and show his appreciation.  He got into trouble at 
Mayo Clinic last week since he went there and did not wear a mask when 
everyone lse had a mask on and the press killed him.   I had an agreement with 
Marc Short that the VP would come to the VRC on Tuesday , April 5 and go 
upstairs and meet the scientists.   The rules of VRC are that masks must be 
worn in the labs.   Marc said that the VP would wear a mask in the labs, but 
when we go downstairs to the lobby to have TF meeting followed by presser, 
that he would not have to wear a mask since we never wear masks at TF 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 161 ---
829
meetings.  All was well until Olivia Troye called me in a panic today saying 
that the POTUS does not want the VP to wear a mask since it is a bad optic for 
opening up (I cannot understand this reasoning).   Nonetheless , the VP will not 
wear a mask and so we are saying that he should not come.  I refuse to give in.  
Poor Olivia is caught in the middle.   We shall see what happens.
PRESS:  Several articles about me in print papers – New York Times and 
Washington Post among several.
May 4, 2020 – Global -  3,350,000/239,000; USA – 1,142,000/67,000
Continued tension in GOP states wanting to re-open in defiance of many of the 
recommended guidelines and Dem states  the opposite.   It is almost a political 
and ideological dichotomy
CNN – Jake Tapper did a segment last night on the inadequate response of the 
Trump administration to the pandemic.   I came out relatively well.
VP Call with Governors from Sit Room.  Again, it seemed like a lot of happy 
talk, particularly from GOP governors saying that they are doing well and 40 
states have submitted their plans for re-opening.  They seem to indicate that 
most have what they need regarding tests, etc.   Yet, when you spek to the 
locals, that is not always the case.  
Real crazy-town today. VP wanted to come to VRC to thank people in the 
labs at VRC working on a COVID-19 vaccine.   However, despite the problem 
he got into at Mayo, his staff (Olivia Troye) told me he would not wear a mask.   
This despite the fact that he did wear one at GM and admitted that it was a 
mistake not to wear one at Mayo.   Turns out the reason is that Trump did not 
want him to wear a mask since it would be a bad signal in his quest to re-open 
the country (totally crazy!).  Nonetheless, we worked out a compromise 
whereby he would come to VRC, not go upstairs and would have a Task Force 
meeting in the first floor conference room.  No one would wear masks, but the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 162 ---
830
yunger researchers would not present to him.  This defeats the purpose of the 
visit, which was to thank the young researchers.   We thought that we had it all 
worked out with Francis greeting the VP and I and John Mascola take over.  
Not so easy.  Francis calls me in distress late that evening and says that he 
looked at his recent message to NIH community that says everyone should 
wear a mask on campus, every place and at all times.   Therefore, we have to 
disinvite the VP.   Much stress.  Marc Short came to the rescue with a plan to 
do this without creating a shit-storm.   We cancelled the visit to VRC, will 
bring John, Barney and Francis to White House and have the TF meeting 
concentrating on work at the VRC where John and I will explain our vaccine 
efforts for COVID. (WTF???).  All this because the VP listened to the POTUS 
and would not wear a mask.
That night I did CNN with Cuomo (see below).   We spoke about the new 
models showing 3000 deaths pe day and about 134,000 total deaths if we back 
off on mitigation the way the POTUS is pushing.  During the interview, Chris 
gave a wonderful explanation to viewers how close and good friends we are 
and how I checked in on him every night including weekends for weeks during 
his COVID illness.  Never saw something like that on TV.  He praised me such 
that Megan (who was watching live) said it almost brought her to tears.
PRESS:  CNN with Chris Cuomo
May 5, 2020 – Global – 3,500,000/240,000; USA – 1,200,000/69,000
OMG!   This is really getting nutsy.   Sally Quinn evidently wrote a book some 
time ago about a character that is me:
https://www.washingtonian.com/2020/05/05/sally-quinn-modeled-the-erotic-hero-of-her-
1991-bestseller-on-anthony-fauci/ 
The Maureen Dowd sends me an e-mail:  “I can see it”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 163 ---
831
Did a TF  meeting today in the Sit Room (see above) displaying the NIH (esp. VRC) 
vaccine effort.   I took Barney Graham, John Mascola (who presented) and Francis 
Collins.   We successfully got VP to understand the NIH intramural and extramural.
Got call from Paula Reid asking about a story in the New York Times that the WH is 
disbanding the Task Force.   I told her that this was news to me.   I also made peace with 
her about the “confrontation” at a press conference that we had a few weeks back (see 
above)
Today’s USA Today:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 164 ---
832
Another bit of craziness:  Paula Read of CBS called my cell and said that the NY 
Times was reporting that WH was going to phase down the TF and was that true.   
I told her that I had not heard that and it was news to me.   She apparently reports 
this on CBS and soon after, I get a call from Katie Miller saying that I am 
contradicting the VP since when reporters asked him (someone leaked it from the 
WH), he admitted that they were going in that direction.   Katie says that I should 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 165 ---
833
not have said to Paula that I had not heard about this.   I should have said I will get 
back to you.   I pushed back strongly.   This is bullshit.  The reporter asks if I had 
heard about this and I said no.  It would have been ridiculous to say anything else.   
Finally Katie admitted thatr she had not even heard about it before the media 
announced it.   CRAZY TOWN!!
The woman who held the press conference call today (Karen Draper) saying that 
she worked for me for 2 years and I sexually assaulted her flopped.   There were 
6 people on the call and the Buzzfeed reporter pointed out that he checked her out 
and there was no record of her ast NIH ever.   Also, he pointed out that she 
pronounced my name Dr. Foouchi and so she could not have worked for me for 2 
years.   This is the second flopped accusation. (see above).
Much press on Trump blocking emfrom testifying before the House while 
allowing me to testify before the Senate.  Also, media frenzy regarding Trump 
planning to  phase out the TF.   He does say that Deb and I will remain as 
scientific advisors (whatever that means).   My prediction is that Deb will stay in 
the WH and I will remain at NIH and only do minor peripheral stuff.
………………………………………………………………….
Tonight I had the usual 8:30 PM weekly “medical community” meeting (this is the 
4th meeting) chaired by David Barr.  He gets on the teleconference the following: 
Balter (LA County); Allison Arwady (Chicago); Demitre Daskalakis (NYC); 
LaQuandra Nesbitt (DC); Jeff Duchin (Seattle).  They have the same issue – 
mostly problem with testing, not enough, shortage of swabs, extraction material, 
media, long wait for results.  I keep bringing this up to TF and TF (Giroir and 
Jared) do happy talk.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 166 ---
834
May 6, 2020 – Global – 3,53,000/245,000;   USA – 1,200,000/71,000
Begin day with uncertainty about the fate of the TF as well as the fact that there is 
great discord in the country regarding opening abruptly versus continued careful 
mitigation.   It is clear thsat Trump and advisors are concentrating only on opening 
and saving the economy for the election in November.   To be fair, we should 
consider that there are unintended consequences in my area of health.   Had 
conversation with Bob Redfield lastr night about the fact that >1 million children 
world-wide have missed their measles vaccinations because of the shutdown.   
This is terrible and needs to be addressed since on that basis alone, there would be 
far, far more excess deaths from measles among children than coronavirus deaths 
among children.   I need to bring this up at TF meeting.
Trump does complete turnaround and now says that he will continue the TF 
indefinitely since he has gotten so many call from “good people” who tell him that 
the TF has do a “great job” and he should not dissolve it.  Katie Miller and I laugh 
at each other in the Sit Room (see above).  
At TF meeting VP apologizes to me about the misinformation regarding the 
dissolution of the Tf and how that oput me in an awkward position with the media 
(see above).   He admikts that he was “blindsided” since someone (likely Jared) 
leaked the story without telling Pence (Yikes!).  I also took the opportunity 
together with Deb Birx who was there for the conversation that it is clear that Deb 
and I are being blocked from appearing the press (specifically national TV).   I 
explained to Pence that I was formerly doing 2 TV hits per day and now I am 
doing 1 and at the most 2 per week with nothing on Sundays.   He was surprised 
and said he would speak with Kayleigh about it.
Also, they want to beef up the TF with both economists and some additional 
medical people.   Marc Short and Pence sked me to ask Francis Collins to join.  I 
spoke with Francis tonight and , as expected, Francis would do it even though it 
would be an added burden of work piled on an already packed schedule.  A bit 
unusual that they would have 2 NIH people on TF.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 167 ---
835
Got rather unusual phone call from Larry Horowitz arranged by Anna Eschoo (D-
CA).   He was asking questions about Rick Bright, likely related to tomorrow’s 
Hearing on the Whistleblower issue and his getting fired from BARDA.   I was 
careful in response.   Larry said he had many e-mails (from January, 2020) where 
Rick was calling attention to fact that we needed supplies for the SNS (masks, 
PPE, ets) and Kadlec was not listening.   The e-mail make Kadlec look bad.   
Larry wanted to know if I knew about these e-mails.   I had never seen them.   
They were all e-mails within ASPR/HHS/BARDA.
Trouble looming with the distribution of the Remdesivir that was donated by 
Gilead.   Kadlec with Adm. P given task of distributing the drug equitably and 
eithically (Chris was consulted) to the hospitals that needed it.  VP at the end of 
the TF meeting asked Azar, Kadlec, Adm. P, Deb and then unexpectedly me to get 
on the phone tonight and by tomorrow have a solution to what was perceived as a 
misalignment of distribution.   It was clear from discussion last night that someone 
(likely Kadlec and ASPR) screwed up since in NYC, it was clear (and I picked it 
up right away) that the hospitals such as Cornell and Columbia did not get drug 
while Queens Hospital and Lincoln Hospital got drug.  There is a furor about his 
screwup and Deb is not hesitating to call it out.
May 7,2020 – Global – 3,600,000/248,000;  USA – 1,210,000/73,000
Phone call with Secretary Azar about how to fix this problem.  Cluster in process.   
Deb does not show up for phone call.   
Francis at Hearing today aimed at the Rick Bright issue.   Not much problem for 
Francis.
Big Cluster regarding the mis-distribution of Remdesivir.  FEMA dropped the 
ball.  They were supposed to distribute through ASPR the drug accoding to need 
of hospitalized patients in states.  Deb Birx made it clear in an e-mail to Pete 
Gayno (FEMA Director) that the drug should be distributed according to need.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 168 ---
836
Gaynor either did not read the e-mail or blew it off.   What happened was that 
FEMA told ASPR (Kadlec) to distribute the drug to 7 states (at first) according to 
population of the  States with indicating any relationship to hospitalized patients.  
Kadlec balked and FEMA (working with Navy Adm. Polowcyzc) said “stand 
down andsend it”.   Bob caved in and off it went.  And so some hospitals with few 
or no patients got lost of drugs and hospitals like Cornell, Columbia and NYU got 
no drug.   A hospital received drug that was not aware of the cold-chain 
requirement.   Drug ruined.   People started complaining and the press got hold of 
it and is now reporting about lack of transparency.   FEMA is saying that the plan 
of distribution was an HHS and Task Force plan.  Deb went ballistic and the press 
are buzzing around.
Washington Post article today:
Sally Quinn Modeled the Erotic Hero of 
Her 1991 Bestseller on…Anthony Fauci
Yes, that Anthony Fauci. In the novel, the character 
romances the first lady. 
Written by Benjamin Wofford 
| Published on May 5, 2020 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 169 ---
837
This article appeared in Salon:
Woman who accused Dr. Anthony Fauci 
of sexual assault now claims Trump 
supporters paid her to lie
Diana Andrade claims right-wing provocateur Jacob 
Wohl and frequent accomplice Jack Burkman were 
behind the scheme
Travis Gettys 
May 7, 2020 4:09PM (UTC)
Media blitz, stories (mostly good, but some critical) abound with dozens per day.   
Truly unbelievable.   People naming their dogs after me. Sally Quinn saying that I 
was the erotic lead male in a book she wrote in 1994.   She had met me at a dinner 
that year.  And on and on.
Still press is fixating on my not being allowed to testify before the Dem House but 
testifying before the GOP Senate
May 8, 2020 – Global – 3,670,000/254,000; 1,240,000/75,200;
COVID-19 hits the White House!!   Yesterday, it was revealed that the personal 
valet of the POTUS tested positive for Sars-CoV-2.   However, today it was noted 
that Katie Miller tested positive.   She was negative yesterday and positive X2 
today!!!   She had sxs in the Sit room yesterday and sat next to Steve Hahn and 
behind Azar.   I was on the other side of the room from her, but she was coughing 
in the room.  She sat next to Olivia Troye when she was coughing and, in the 
afternoon, yesterday, Olivia sat right next to me in the Ward Room of the West 
Wing for 45 minutes. In the room were Deb Birx, Steve Hahn, Bob Redfield, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 170 ---
838
Tyler Ann, Seema Verma.   Big upheaval in the WH now.   Katie sits next to Mark 
Meadows every morning in the AM meeting; however, she was negative 
yesterday.   I tested negative today as did Olivia and Bob Redfield and Steve 
Hahn.   Steve Miller is negative (I spent time next to him in the Sit Room).  
I spent much time on phone this evening advising Katie and Steve Miller as to 
what they should do.   She is 10 weeks pregnant.   I advised that Steve must move 
out of the house into a hotel; he still has to self-isolate for 14 days.   If he stays in 
the house, whether or not he gets infected, he still must self-isolate for 14 days 
after Katies tests negative.   His clock will start after he separates from Katie and 
so he should start the clock now.
We had our pre-brief for the Senate HELP Hearing on May 12 and we are trying 
to decide whether to call off the Hearing or do it virtually.   There are different 
degrees of risk for the 4 witnesses: Giroir – no risk – was not in the room; Fauci – 
low risk – in room but separated; Redfield – Moderate risk – closer to Katie; Hahn 
– a bit higher – sat next to Katie.  And so we will have an issue with consistency 
since technically, Steve is the only one who should not go to the Hearing.
If we postpone hearing, there will be political blowback from the Dems.  If we do 
it, people will say we are violating our own public health recommendation.   
Tough situation.
It is my impression that there will be several more infections in the WH over the 
next few days.   They should do everything virtually.
Mark Meadows wants to delare TF members as essential workers and test us every 
day for 10 days and wear masks, 6 ft distance and come to work.  CDC people 
first said that all in the room should quarantine for 14 days.   We are trying to 
work this out.  I strongly disagree with switching to 10 days.  That would be an 
unforced error as far as PR is concerned.   I am OK with testing every day, 
wearing mask and doing mostly telework for 14 days.  Let us see what happens 
tomorrow.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 171 ---
839
Crazy Judy Mikovits.   See Science article:
Fact-checking Judy Mikovits, the 
controversial virologist attacking 
Anthony Fauci in a viral conspiracy 
video
By Martin Enserink, Jon CohenMay. 8, 2020 , 6:20 PM
May 9, 2020 – Global – 3,760,000/260,000;    USA – 1,270,000/77,000
Trying to figure out policy for addressing the infection on WH complex.
Big breaking news tonight!  Steve Hahn who was closest to Katie is going into 
strict 14 date home quarantine.   Bob Redfield who had a moderate exposure is 
also saying he is going itnom14 day quarantine (when in fact he will gointo his 
office).
Jake Tapper called me and asked whether I was going inot quarantine.   I 
explained to Jake that I would do a “modified quarantine” since I was a low risk 
exposure to Kstie.   Thid merans that I will get tested every day, would wear a 
mask ontinually, and would spend most of my time either alone in my home office 
or alone in my NIH office and would go to White House or Congress with 
precautions of universal mask wearing and phycial distancing.   I tested negative 
yesterday and will get tested every day for 14 days and then 1 time per week 
afterwards.  
This went viral with calls from multiple neywroks to confirm the CNN story and 
from people like Dani Bolognesi worried that I was actually infected.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 172 ---
840
Also, I am calling Katie frequently to check on her couple time per day.  She is 
very anxious about getting very ill since she is 10 weeks pregnant.   Tonight she 
had an anxiety reaction.  I calmed her over the phone.   Her pulse Ox is fine and 
she is afebrile.
Marc Short and others close to Katie really should do some sort of quarantine 
(even if modified), but they are not even wearing masks.  Not a good metric.
PRESS:  I am all over the news regarding my “modified quarantine”  (see 
above)
May 10, 2020 – Global – 4,150,000/283,000;    USA – 1,290,000/79,000
Much flurry over the press wanting to understand the difference between a 
modified quarantine and a total quarantine.   I am explaining.  Also, I do not want 
to do the Hearing in person on Tuesday, but Mark meadows is getting pressure 
from the POTUS and others in WH to have me do it in person.   It would give 
mixed signals given my statement of Modified Quarantine.   It would be an 
unforced error if I did.   We finally decided that all 4 witnesses (Giroir, Fauci, 
Hahn and Redfield would do it virtually.
President Trump called my cell while I was at home to check and see if I was 
OK, having heard that I was in semi-quarantine.
Reports from all over the world including USA of children who are SARS-CoV-2 
infected who develop a Kawasaki-like syndrome.   NIH will start to study these 
children.   We have heard from UK and Italy.
Many e-mails from friends concerned about me.   Some misinterpreted and 
thought that I was actually infected (Mike Gerson)
Reports of countries and some states in the USA that are opening up and triggering 
blips and rebounds.  Actually the curve of new infections is flat (at a high level).   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 173 ---
841
It is flat because cities like NYC and NO are going down while others are going 
up.  Up + Down = Flat
PRESS:   Heavy TV and print cover of Hahn, Redfield and I going into 
quarantine.
May 11, 2020 – Global – 3,930,000/275,000; USA – 1,320,000/79,500
Some press bugging Courtney as to the precise nature of my “modified 
quarantine”.   This is related to the fact that there is major inconsistency in the 
White House.   Marc Short (whom I resally like) practically sits on Katie’s lap and 
he is vey close to the VP.   Yet he is not even wearing a mask.   He actually should 
be self-quarantining.   He was at a much greater risk than I.
Got phone call from Alex Azar as I wa leaving my house with Security to go to 
NIH at ~7:45 AM.   Alex was concerned that the WH wanted him tosit in the 
Situation Room without a mask with the POTUS on the csall with the governors.   
Also, they went him to sit next to the POTUS in the Rose Garden later in the day.   
Alex is a higher risk than I sitting right in front of Katie.   Alex is very 
uncomfortable about this and does not know what to do.   It is tough to say no to 
Mark Meadows who is insisting.  (this is why Mark was torn and wanted me to 
appear in person before the HELP Committee Hearing tomorrow - we discussed 
this by phone over the weekend and finally I convinced him to have all 4 of us  - 
Giroir, Redfield, Hahn and me do the Hearing virtually)  
Call with Sen. Lamar Alexander regarding tomorrow’s HELP Hearing.   It was a 
courtesy call and his wanting to know what would be the best questions to ask.   
He is set on testing all college students before re-starting school in August.
Hilarious video of Billy Crystal playing me in a Trump dungeon prison:
. https://www.thedailybeast.com/billy-crystals-dr-anthony-fauci-held-hostage-by-trump-during-feeding-
america-comedy-festival.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 174 ---
842
Continued interest by the press on the “quarantine” of me, Redfield and Hahn 
since they want to focus on why the VP and POTUS who have as much exposure 
to Katie and we have are not quarantining.
Note from Barbra Streisand:
From: Kelly Dipaola <kelly@barwoodfilms.com>
Date: May 11, 2020 at 6:59:11 PM EDT
To: "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]" <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Cc: "Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]" <conradpa@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: A message from Barbra Streisand
 
Dear Dr. Fauci,
Ms. Streisand asked that I send the below message to you. 
Many thanks, 
Kelly
Dear Tony,
I can't imagine how you're feeling right now, but I hope you are staying 
healthy and well.
Please know I deeply appreciate the important and consistent work you are 
doing to assist our country during this difficult and challenging time. From 
the bottom of my heart I thank you and your colleagues for your constant 
guidance, patience and reassurance that we, as a nation, will find answers 
and make it through these times. 
I wanted to share a recent video I put together to honor the heroic efforts of 
essential workers. I hope it brings you a few minutes of calm during this time 
and shows you how grateful I am for the selfless work you, and all those on 
the frontline, are doing every day to keep us safe. 
You are in my thoughts and prayers every day. Stay strong and be well.
Barbra
May 12, 2020 – Global – 4,000,000/280,000; USA – 1,350,000/81,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 175 ---
843
Mark Meadows called this AM (7:15 AM) before the HELP Hearing 
checking on how I was and thanking me for “taking flak from both sides”.   
He is a good guy, but I think that the call was prompted somewhat by a NY 
Times story this AM (Sheryl Gay Stolberg) that reported my saying to 
Sheryl when she asked what I hope to accomplish at the Hearing, I said to 
let people know that they must be careful in opening the country and not 
go too fast or prematurely since we risk the problem of rebound.
Hearing went well by virtual.   I was in my home office.  Had a little scuffle 
with Rand Paul who said that I am not the end all and be all to close down 
the country.  I went back at him and tweets said I came out way on top.
Received 2 packages of cookies from Joe and Jill Biden with note: “You are 
our hero.  Stay strong and healthy.  We need you”.
VOX did a mini-history of me: https://bit.ly/2WrCa4w 
May 13, 2020 – Global – 4,100,000/285,000;  USA – 1,400,000/82,000
Press today and yesterday afternoon reporting heavily on the Senate Hearing from 
yesterday.   Playing up that I am the voice of reason.   However, I am obviously 
causing conern among GOP who want to open quickly.  FOX  News blasting me – 
Hannity, Carlson, Ingraham.
See Politico piece about GOP getting “Fauci Fatigue: 
https://www.politico.com/news/2020/05/12/anthony-fauci-republicans-coronavirus-
251919
Had a wonderful Instagram discussion organized by the ONE Campaign with 
Julia Roberts.  She was absolutely fabulous.   She embarrassed me somewhat 
when I sat down in the chair and appeared on the screen through Zoom, she put 
her hands in front of her mouth and said “Oh my God.   It’s Dr. Fauci, he is here.”  
Then she went on to say that I was he personal hero and how happy she was to 
have this conversation with me.   We discussed COVID-19 and its potential 
impact on the developing world.   I told her that we have a moral responsibility to 
help and also we have enlightened self-interest in that if the outbreak continues in 
the developing world, it will always be a threat to the rest of the world.   Also, we 
discussed the importance of including the developing world in the vaccine trials 
and accessibility of vaccine.   She was totally down to earth.  Great experience!!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 176 ---
844
Dick Cheney called me to thank me for what I was doing and to say that he fully 
supported me.   I acknowledged and thanked him and his daughter Liz for sticking 
up for me after the Senate Hearing yesterday.   He was muted in his criticism of 
Trump, but he did agree that Trump was living in an alternative universe (I said 
this and he agreed)
After the TF meeting (which I attended virtually since Natalie Hurst said there was 
a crowded field and I should stay at NIH and call in), the VP wanted to chat with 
me.   He kept me on the phone for 25 minutes talking about the meeting that he 
and Deb had (by zoom) with College and University Presidents including Stanford 
and UVA among others.   The presidents had sound plans for opening up in late 
August.   I agreed with them that they need to test everyone before they come on 
campus and weed out (temporarily) those that are infected (both symptomatic and 
symptomatic) to start off with a zero baseline infections.   Afdter that, they do 
surveiilance and indentification/isolation/contact tracing on all new cases.    All 
students with co-morbidities should do classes by virtual.    Sounds like a good 
plan.   
During the call, the VP said that I was the most visible and trusted asset in the 
country.
Tonight, CNN really played up the “feud” between the POTUS and me.   They 
fed him that I said we should not open schools, when in fact, I said that we would 
not have a vaccine in time to vaccinate the students (mostly college) for the 
August/Fall semester.   This was in response to a question from Lamar Alexander.  
In an interview, the press kept asking POTUS about my cautoon in opening the 
country and my concern about opening the economy.  He obviously got annoyed 
and explicitly criticized me (first time he has done this).   That is when CNN went 
wild and on Erin Burnett, Anderson Cooper, and Don Lemon they had people 
saying how I was correct and the POTIS was wrong and that they should believe 
me.   I called up Chris Cuomo before his show and told him the truth.   He gave a 
more measured account on his show.   Now I know why the VP spent so much 
time with me on the phone talking about his conversation with the college 
presidents about opening the colleges.  VP is a “good guy”.   I think he was trying 
to protect and shield me.  I texted Mark Meadows at 8:51 PM to call me to 
explain, and he never did.   Let us see what tomorrow brings.
PRESS:   See above media blitz about my feud with the POTUS
May 14, 2020 – Global – 4,170,000/288,000;   USA – 1,380,000/84,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 177 ---
845
POTUS on FOX this AM blasting me saying that I disagreed with his decision to 
stop travel from China.
Big buzz in media about the POTUS feud with Fauci
I spoke with Mark Short by phone and he is very much OK with me.   He 
suggested that I speak with the POTUS and explain exactly what I said.   I have 
been trying to connect with Mark Meadows by phone and text, but no response 
thus far.
Moncef Slaoui joins the team as the “Czar” for 
Vaccines/Therapeutics/Diagnostics.
Mark Meadows called me back and confirmed that the POTUS is upset with me. 
I explained to him that there  is confusion.   I never said do not open the schools.   
I said that we would not have a vaccine ready.  Mark said that he would speak 
with the POTUS and perhaps have the POTUS call me.  Chris Cuomo, and Jake 
Tapper are trying to clarify this in my defense on their shows.
Mark Meadows calls me back and says that he spoke with the POTUS and the 
POTUS understands and all is good.   He appreciates my reaching out to him.
I went to West Wing for meeting with Deb Birx in her office (lower lobby).   I 
went upp to say hi to VP staff and  Hope Hick saw me and asked how I was doing.   
I had printed out the entire transcript from the HELP Hearing and tabbed the parts 
that indicated that I did not say do not open the schools.   Hope had those pages 
copied and she will show them to the POTUS.   Hopefully, this ends the “feud”
Getting many, many e-mail of support from all over the world.   This has made big 
news!
In a column today in the Washington Post, Mike Gerson said: 
“At one level, this is an unfair fight. Trump is a proven and perpetual liar, and his Fox 
News allies are artless, shameless ideologues. Fauci is one of the greatest humanitarian 
physicians of our time, whose entire career has been committed to scientific integrity and 
truth-telling. In a battle of credibility, the duplicitous, conspiratorial demagogues are at a 
serious disadvantage.”
May 15, 2020 – Global -  4,200,000/3295,000;  USA – 1,410,000/86,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 178 ---
846
IMPORTANT DAY AT WHITE HOUSE:  Wen to White  House as usual, but 
today was a Rose garden ceremony announcing the “Operation Warp Speed”, 
which is the interagency plan to develop a COVID-19 vaccine by the end of the 
year and have 100 million doses by November and 300 million by Jan. 2021.  This 
is the plan that we have been working on for some time at NIAID.   In addition, 
the occasion was to introduce Moncef Slaoui as the “Czar” for the project and 
General Gus Perna as the COO or logistic person for the supply of  vaccine doses.
Important event was my meeting with the POTUS in the context of our 
ongoing “feud”.   We (those who would be on the stage with him in the Rose 
Garden – Sec. Azar and Sec, Mark Esper (DoD), General Mark Milley (Chair, 
Joint Chiefs); Gen. Gus Perna, Francis Collins, Deb Birx) were all in the Oval 
waiting for the POTUS.   We all had masks on.  The POTUS walked in from the 
Inner Office and immediately caught my eye and opend up his arms.   He gently 
pulled my into the outer office where the TV was on giving the economic forecast 
and said.  “Tony, you are losing me trillions of fucking dollars.”   Then he said 
something interesting.  Her said: “Tony, you and I are OK.  There is no problem 
between us   We are similar is some respects.   You are playing me and I am 
playing you.   I know you better than you think and I respect you and like you.   
You need to do your thing and I need to do mine; as long as you understand tht I 
need to keep this country alive.”   Then as we were ready to go out, he looked at 
all of us and said: “Do we really need to have those masks on.   It sends the wrong 
signal”.   I told him that we should keep them on since it would be an unforced 
error to take them off.   The press would kill us.   His response was “Who gives a 
shit about the press; they will try to kill us no matter what we do.”   Francis and 
Deb looked to me and I said:  “Mr. President, I will not remove the mask.   I must 
wear it.”   He had a look of exasperation on his face and said:  “OK, if you insist” 
(Francis and Deb sighed a sigh of relief as it was clear that Deb was willing to 
romove the mask; Francis was with me).   However, he turned to the generals and 
Azar and Esper and said: “You guys, take you masks off, you hear me?”.   They 
dutifully did and we all walked out to theRose Garden.   After the ceremony when 
we came back to the Oval and were about to disperse, he came over to me and 
said:  “Tony, we are good, right?”   I said: “We are good Mr. President”.
May 16,2020 (Saturday) – Global – 4,300,000/298,000     USA – 
1,430,000/87,000
Front page of Washington Post  headlines: “Trump’s vaccine timeline doubted”.   
Quotes by good people like Paul Offit and Peter Hotez doubting the feasibility of 
the announcement yesterday.   This is an example of the problem with the new 
COMMS people in the WH (Kayleigh et al) absolutely shutting me down 
regarding approvals for the press.  I could have easily explained the plan and put it 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 179 ---
847
into context.  I ewxplained this to Marc Short on the phone this AM.   He said that 
he and the VP are just as frustrated with the situation.   He thinks things will get a 
little better as the new COMMS team gets better organized.   I am not so sure of 
that.
Peter Reiss of the Netherlands sent me a clip showing that I was the “Man of the 
Week” of the leading Dutch newspapers:
Tony, 
As I was reading through one of our Saturday national newspapers, I suddenly found 
myself looking at this cartoon of yours, and thought I’ld share:
https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2020/05/16/man-van-de-week-anthony-fauci-a3999906  
The artist Sigried Woldhek, since the 70’s, every week draws a picture of a man or 
woman who is in the news. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 180 ---
848
The accompanying text reads:
Who
Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the US National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases.
Why
Fauci, worldfamous expert in the field of infectious diseases and advisor to 
all US presidents since Ronal Reagan, steadfast continues to provide 
scientific explanation and advice about the coronavirus  and the possible 
consequences of measures taken and still to be the taken. But president 
Trump is less and less pleased with that. He called some of Fauci’s remarks 
during the Senate hearing unacceptable, and the pitbulls from Fox News 
subsequently attacked Fauci full force. 
How
Watercolour painting.
We’re living through unprecedented times as a medical and public health community, but 
I can only imagine how you and your family must be experiencing these times. 
You are doing an incredible job, we all stand with you, and I personally send you warm 
regards,
Peter
Article in New York Times today by Aexalander Burns, Maggie haberman, Jonathan 
Martin and Nick Corasaniti – “A President Riles a Nation Amid a Crisis”  mentions that 
Trump is hurting himself by attacking attacking everyone in sight, trashing Obama and 
“distancing himself from a highy poplar Dr. Anthony Fauci”
………………………………………………………………………………….
May 17. 2020 (Sunday) Global – 4,400,000/302,000;   USA – 1,460,000/89,000
Continued blocking me from appearing on any press .   Also, doing this somewhat 
for Birx.   Deb getting slammed by many in press as caving in to POTUS and not 
sticking up for her principles.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 181 ---
849
Sunday shows were all about opening up the economy with Tom Frieden, Tom 
Ingelsby, Scott Gottlieb giving their version and mostly agreeing with me.   
Navarro still spewing his stuff.
What is evolving is that states that are opening thus far are not seeing an increase 
in cases.   In fact, some are seeing decreases.   We need another couple of weeks 
to se what is happening.   Interesting that they might be paying attention more to 
mask use and social distancing as they open.   This is true EXECPT for the young 
people who are going to the bars (Milwaukee) and beaches (South Carolina, 
Georgia, Florida).  
There are 2 patterns:  Acute outbreaks in nursing homes (1/3 of all dealth are in 
nursing homes), prisons, and meat packing plants, and industries where workers 
are in dormitory-like quarters.   This is easily recognizable and quickly contained.   
Then there is the more subtle community spread  that gradually accelerates and 
requires contact tracing.   It is conceivable that we will progress in the next weeks 
with little to modest community spread and many acute outbreaks as described 
accounting for the spikes that we are seeing and will see.
~6:00 PM received a call from Jared Kushner.  He wanted to feel me out about a 
few things.   Primarily he wanted to get my take on Operation Warp Speed.   He 
wanted my perspective on the structure, what it meant, my take on Moncef Slaoui.   
He did not fully realize and it was good that I explained to him that the 
development of the COVID-19 vaccine(s), i.e. the science and implementation of 
trials is WHAT I DO.   I asked him to make sure that when new people come in 
and new structures are formed that we do not “reboot” and re-invent the wheel.   
We are well into the process and I just do not want any person or organization or 
structure get in my way.   My team is the best that there is.   I believe he got it.   
He wanted to know how the military fits into this.   It was clear during the 
conversation that he is the link to the POTUS and his skepticism about HHS and 
Azar came through.   Nowhere was there mention of the VP, which aligns with 
what I am witnessing, i.e. the dichotomy between Jared and the POTUS versus 
OVP.   He spoke of the role of the military in logistics and supply.   I emphasized 
that I do not do that; I develop vaccines and do clinical trials.   I punt to others to 
produce and distribute.
Also, it is clear that he wants to phase out the Task Force and move on the more of 
the various agencies of government doing their thing.   He will keep Deb Birx, 
who clearly is in his favor.  It seems to me that there is a lot of “palace intrigue” 
going on or about to go on.  We shall see.
May 18, 2020 – Global – 4,500,000/308,000; USA – 1,500,000/90,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 182 ---
850
The Moderna/VRC data on the high levels of neutralizing  Abs in the two doses 
(25 microgram and 100 microgram) given  in phase 1 trial are being released today 
by Moderna.   I have been asked by Jim Sciutto of CNN to discuss this on his 
show and have requests from NY Times (Denise Grady), WSJ, and STAT to 
comment.   We are getting the same stonewall from WH COMMS.   They do not 
answer our requests for clearance.   This in the background of not allowing me out 
in the press for the past 2 weeks under any circumstances.  Jim Sciutto called the 
WH Comms and they told him no and Jim wrote back to me by text message: 
“Between us, someone in WH told us they’re aware you’re frustrated but 
“don’t care”.
I called up Marc Short and explained to him.   Good guy that he is, he is going to 
look into it.   Katie Miller, whom I have been following every day for her COVID-
19 is feeling better and I mentioned it to her also.   She will be back soon.
Got call to rush down to White House by Olivia Troye.   They now want me at the 
Governors teleconference run by POTUS in Sit Room with First Lady Melania.   
POTUS very friendly and usual warm to me in the room.  Most states are starting 
to open us and POTUS cheering them on He calls upon me to explain to 
Governors theModerna announcement.  Govenors are all gushing over the POTUS 
and telling him what a fabulous job he is doing.   He made the call go for almost 2 
hours since he lover the adoration.
Marc Short writes me a text saying that since the POTUS was so friendly with me, 
maybe now the Comms thing will get straightened out.   I doubt it. I am thinking 
of confronting Kayleigh and/or bringing it up with Marc Meadows.
May 19, 2020 – Global – 4,600,000/312,000; USA – 1,500,000/91,000
Despite my being kept out of the press by the Whit House COMMS people, the 
media blitz about me continues strong, as well as the gimmick stuff like underwear 
(bikini) with  either my name on the front or Govs. Cuomo or Newsom (D-CA).
Signs in DC: 
https://bit.ly/36dKb0f 
I decided to take the bull by the horns and address this muzzling of me and importantly, 
the fact that the requests that we are sending down for clearance are just being ignored.   
Instead of going to Mark Meadows and jumping over the head of Kayleigh McEnany, I 
decided to go straight to Kayleigh.   It worked out beautifully.  I described it in an e-m,ail 
that I sent to Courtney and Patty tonight after the call with Kayleigh and Alyssa Farah:
Courtney/Patty:
    Important breakthrough!   Spoke tonight with Kayleigh McEnany and had good 
conversation.   Although she is copied on all the e-mails, she rarely reads them.   I 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 183 ---
851
explained the problem of lack of any response to our inquiries.  I believe it is now 
fixed.  First, she said that all our correspondences to them should include copies 
to  Lyndee Rose at 
Lyndee.D.Rose@who.eop.gov .  The she connected me with Alissa 
Farah and with that everything got settled and fixed.   I had a long conversation with 
Alyssa.   Her cell phone # is (202) 809-6071.   I explained that my two contacts are 
Courtney and Patty.   She admitted that they were holding me back , but she feels that this 
has gotten out of hand.   She was terrific on the phone.   We made a deal.   New 
Rules:   For all print press like the 3 requests from NY Times, WSJ and STAT regarding 
the Moderna data, we DO NOT NEED clearance.   We can respond on the record and we 
merely need to let her know what we are doing and keep her in the loop.  For podcasts 
and talks to organizations, i.e. Council on Foreign Relations, we DO NOT NEED 
clearance.   We merely need to inform them as an FYI.   For major TV hits, we need 
clearance, but send directly to Alyssa and Lyndee.   She said she will start clearing our 
TV requests tomorrow depending on what the topic is.  She admitted, they definitely 
should have cleared the requests regarding Moderna.   She says that she trusts that I know 
what I am doing and can handle anything,  and will start clearing my TV requests, but 
said that with certain really sensitive subjects like the bleach issue, they would rather not 
have me out there.   It was a great conversation and I believe that we have now fixed the 
problem.   We can discuss more tomorrow.
Thanks,
Tony
May 20, 2020 – Global – 4,700,000/317,000;  USA – 1,530,000/92,000
The Fauci craze continues.  Some select examples: 
Brooklyn Artist Jeremy Penn’s Dr. Anthony Fauci Portrait Nets $15K For 
Charity.
Page Six (5/19, Mohr, 1.6M) reports, “Brooklyn artist Jeremy Penn, who has painted Diane 
von Furstenberg, Kate Moss, John Galliano and Karl Lagerfeld, sold a portrait of” Anthony 
Fauci for $15,000. Penn “s donating all proceeds from the Fauci piece to charities True Hero 
Fund and No Kid Hungry.” 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 184 ---
852
Already starting to get clearances for press appearances.   Alyssa is keeing her word.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 185 ---
853
On Conference call with the OWS group, it is clear that Jared Kushner is inverting 
himself in the process of decisions about vaccines, therapeutics and diagnostics that 
disturbs me.  Also, I am concerned that Jared said that after 1 hour and 45 minutes of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 186 ---
854
discussion, Jared said that we need to run this by Deb Birx.   I have a bad feeling about 
this.
Had nice teleconference with the advisory board to Mayor Bowser in helping her to open 
up DC.   Old friends Susan Rice and Mike Chertoff on on the board.   They were very 
appreciative.
 
May 21, 2020 -  Global – 4,800,000/320,000; USA – 1,600,000/94,000
Will start doing print interviews in earnest today starting with Denise Grady and Noah 
Weiland of NY Times.
Also, spoke with Sanjay Gupta explaining the Moderna data.   Interesting that despitr 
Alyssa’s promise, they still have not cleared me for Jim Sciutto.   However, I was cleared 
to do the CNN Town Hall.
Cartoon in USA Today:     https://bit.ly/3bQDXVt 
My instgram interview with Julia Roberts:  https://people.com/movies/julia-roberts-
cute-reaction-speaking-dr-anthony-fauci/
Did a Zoom interview and town hall under Boomberg/Harvard moderated by Mayor 
Michael Boomberg  with 190 Mayors of various cities throughout the country
PRESS:  CNN Town Hall with Anderson Cooper and Sanjay Gupta
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 187 ---
855
May 22, 2020 – Global -4,900,000/325,000; USA – 1,600,000/95,000
Turmoil in OWS – Peter Marks drops out.  Upset with how he is being treated with the 
arrival of Moncef.
Moncef has met with pharma companies involved in the harmonized protocols and as 
expected they expressed doubt about the possibility that we (NIAID/USG) could pull the 
trials off.   Deep down, they want the money and they want to do it on their own.   I will 
set up teleconference next week with Francis, me, Larry Corey, John maslcola, Cliff and 
the CEIO’s of the companies tomstraighten this out.
Trump getting out of control in pushing to open up the country and get the economy back 
before election day.   He is desparate.   This is all about re-election.
PRESS:  NPR Morning Edition; Nextstar Interview with Mike Saag; CNBC with 
Meg Tirrell;
May 23, 2020 -  Global 5,000,000;328,000; USA – 1,600,000/96,000
Some states flattening and coming down, while others showing some spiking.   DC still 
not coming down nor is Chicago or Los Angeles.
Argument about whether the CDC and other groups are undercounting or overcounting 
deaths.   At the Senate Hearing 2 weeks ago I said I thought that if anything, we are 
undercounting deaths since people were likely dying at home of COVID-19 and not 
getting counted since they were not getting to the hospital.
The media and magazine craze about me continues.   Here is one from The Atlantic: 
 
https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2020/05/pandemic-anthony-fauci-
trump-ireland-tony-holohan/611890/
GLOBAL
The Faucis of the World
Thrusting once-anonymous health experts into leadership 
creates a tension when political decisions must be made.
TOM MCTAGUE
MAY 22, 2020
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 188 ---
856
ALEX WONG / BRIAN SMIALOWSKI / GETTY / THE ATLANTIC
MAY 24, 2020 -  
Not on Sunday shows today despite multiple requests.   DC, MD VA has most cases now 
per capita.  
Nice pick up on Boston TV station of my words to the Holy Cross 202 Graduating Class:
https://www.boston25news.com/news/health/dr-anthony-fauci-surprises-holy-cross-2020-
graduates-with-inspiring-message/PHPQQBXP3BFYDPENB4UERGCRXI/
Jennifer Rubin in the Washington Post: 
Distinguished person of the week: He’s 
back!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 189 ---
857
Anthony S. Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases, outside the White House on Friday. (Alex Brandon/AP)
By 
Jennifer Rubin 
Opinion writer
May 24, 2020 at 7:45 a.m. EDT
President Trump has done his best to muzzle the most trusted voice on the coronavirus 
epidemic. Indeed, until late last week we had not seen much of Anthony S. Fauci, 
director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, recently. Then, on 
Thursday, he reemerged for a CNN town hall.
Fauci promised he would be out and about more. “We’ve been talking with the 
communications people, and they realize we need to get some of this information out, 
particularly some of the scientific issues for which I’m predominantly responsible for, so 
hopefully we’ll be seeing more of us, will get the opportunity to talk to you.” Once more, 
he was a source of common-sense advice: Go for a walk. Wear a mask. Socially distance. 
He’ll forgo a haircut for now.
On Friday, Fauci gave an interview for the Hill. He tempered the president’s unrealistic 
happy talk about producing a vaccine by the end of the year. He frowned on the 
“Operation Warp Speed” moniker coined by Trump. “I’m a little concerned by that name 
because it can imply by warp speed that you’re going so fast that you’re skipping over 
important steps and are not paying enough attention to safety, which is absolutely not the 
case,” he said. “But in this program of hastening the development of the vaccine, it’s 
something that we do feel actually is feasible to get the kinds of doses that you would 
need.” He remained optimistic but measured about our ability to find a vaccine.
Most important, he warned states to maintain precautions as they began to reopen. “It is 
prudent for states who are at various levels of infection to follow the guidelines that have 
come out about reopening or opening America again,” Fauci warned. “And that is to get 
past the gateway criteria and then go into the various phases at the rates that are 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 190 ---
858
prescribed by the guidelines. Obviously if some states don’t do that, there is always a risk 
that you may have a resurgence.”
Fauci remains one of the most trusted people in America precisely because he steers clear 
of divisive partisanship and delivers objective data. A Quinnipiac poll released this week 
shows his approval rating is 68 percent, 26 points higher than Trump’s. Even a majority 
of Republicans (51 percent) approve of the job Fauci is doing. It is easy to figure out 
why. As he puts it, he makes certain to “give the best public health advice and guidance 
based on data, based on science and based on evidence.”
Fauci has conveyed lifesaving information to millions of Americans, avoiding hype and 
hyperbole. Managing to stay in an administration that has consistently demonstrated its 
hostility to science without sacrificing candor is no easy feat. His ability to communicate 
scientific information effectively is reflected in the overwhelming number of Americans 
who are following his advice (e.g., wearing masks) and in their determination to avoid 
excessively risky behavior. Fauci has no doubt saved countless lives by encouraging 
Americans to follow social-distancing measures and by acting as a restraint on the 
president, who remains a menace to public health. Moreover, Fauci has restored our faith 
that facts do matter to the vast majority of Americans.
For all that we can say, stay healthy and well done, Dr. Fauci.
……………………………………………………………………
Teleconference with CDC and others from HHS in anticipation of an MMWR coming 
out on Tuesday showing that there was not widespread infection in the USA that was 
unnoticed (i.e. in Dec. 2019 and early Jan. 2020).   CDC is a bit defensive since some 
have said that they missed community spread that was going on for some time.
May 25, 2020 –  Global - 5,200,000/339,000; USA – 1,650,000/98,000
Will discuss on today’s group call (Fauci, Corey,Mascola,Lane, Erbelding, Dieffenbach, 
Marston, Conrad) the conference call with Pharma to take place on Wednesday.
May 26, 2020 -   Global – 5,300,000/345,000;  USA – 1,660,000/98,000
Still no clearances for press.   Spoke last night with Chris Cuomo who feels that they do 
not want me out there since I remind people of the challenge of COVID-19 and the 
administration does not want that to be the topis.   The topic for them is opening up the 
economy, no matter what the consequences.   Deb Birx out there losing credibility with 
the community.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 191 ---
859
Was  in  Sit Room with the VP doing the Governors call.   As usual, the governors were 
highly complimenting of the administration.   Having said that, thing do seem to be 
improving with much more testing going on and several states having tested >5 % of the 
populations and of those tested, many states have <10% which is the benchmark 
indicating that you are testing enough people.
We are waiting to see if there will be rebounds associated with the opening up in certain 
states.
PRESS:  Washington Times interview; 
May 27, 2020 -  Global – 5,400,000/345,000; USA – 1,680,000/100,000
Larry Kramer dies!   Very, very sad.   Many calls and e-mails
PRESS: CNN with Jim Sciutto; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff
May 28, 2020 – Global – 5,500,000/350,000;  USA – 1,700,000/100,000
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/05/27/health/larry-kramer-anthony-fauci.html
‘We Loved Each Other’: Fauci 
Recalls Larry Kramer, Friend and 
Nemesis
In public, the activist berated the infectious disease expert for federal inaction on 
AIDS. But their affection lasted decades and changed the course of the epidemic.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 192 ---
860
Larry Kramer in 2015. “It was an extraordinary 33-year relationship,” said Dr. 
Anthony Fauci said of his friendship with the activist.Credit...Todd Heisler/The 
New York Times
By Donald G. McNeil Jr.
• May 27, 2020
•
o
o
o
o
o
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 193 ---
861
“How did I meet Larry? He called me a murderer and an incompetent idiot on the 
front page of the San Francisco Examiner magazine.”
Speaking as he passed though a fever check on his way into the White House, Dr. 
Anthony S. Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases, recalled some of his fondest memories of his friend Larry Kramer, 
who died early Wednesday morning.
Nearly every anecdote in our brief interview had the same plot: the country’s 
best-known AIDS activist publicly abusing the country’s best-known AIDS doctor 
— and then privately apologizing afterward, saying he hadn’t meant it, that it was 
just how to get things done.
“It was an extraordinary 33-year relationship,” Dr. Fauci said. “We loved each 
other. We would have dinner. I would go see him in the West Village, he would 
come down to Washington.
“But even recently, when he got pissed at me about something, he said to some 
paper, ‘Fauci’s gone over to the dark side again.’ I called him up and said, ‘Larry? 
What the….’ And he’d say, ‘Oh, I didn’t really mean it. I just wanted to get some 
attention.’”
Nobody stirred up attention for a cause quite like Mr. Kramer did.
An 
open letter to the San Francisco Examiner in 1988, Dr. Fauci said, was the 
first time he’d heard of Mr. Kramer, a playwright who had founded two activist 
groups: the Gay Men’s Health Crisis; and Act Up, the AIDS Coalition to Unleash 
Power.
Addressing Dr. Fauci in the letter, Mr. Kramer wrote: “Your refusal to hear the 
screams of AIDS activists early in the crisis resulted in the deaths of thousands of 
Queers. Your present inaction is causing today’s increase in HIV infection outside 
of the Queer community.”
“I thought, ‘This guy, I need to reach out to him,’” Dr. Fauci recalled. “So I did, 
and we started talking. We realized we had things in common.”
Mr. Kramer’s name-calling wasn’t personal, Dr. Fauci explained.
“I was the face of the federal government. I was the one out there trying to warn 
the public, and he was, too. That was his way of saying, ‘Hello? Wake up!’ That 
was his style. He was iconoclastic, he was theatrical — he wanted to make his 
point.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 194 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 195 ---
863
In 2001, with Mr. Kramer suffering from both hepatitis B and side effects of his 
H.I.V. medication — he had the disease for at least six years before effective 
triple-drug cocktails became standard practice — Dr. Fauci became his doctor.
Mr. Kramer had told him he was not doing well, and doctors were baffled.
“I said, ‘Come to the N.I.H. We’ll work you up.’” Dr. Fauci recalled. “He was really 
at death’s door. We realized he needed a liver transplant.”
Mr. Kramer went on a transplant list. But there was a public debate over whether 
he should get a scarce donor organ, because patients with H.I.V. had long been 
considered less likely to survive, despite the introduction of effective medications.
And at 66, Mr. Kramer was older than a typical transplant candidate. 
Nonetheless, he got a new liver that December at the University of Pittsburgh 
Medical Center.
That not only set a precedent for H.I.V. patients and older patients, but also 
abruptly reversed the decline in Mr. Kramer’s health.
“He really bounced back,” Dr. Fauci said. “It gave him multiple more years of 
life.”
The relationship between the two men played out in Mr. Kramer’s literary works 
as well as in his political activism.
Mr. Kramer’s autobiographical play in 1992, “The Destiny of Me,” includes a 
character based on Dr. Fauci.
“He’s named Anthony Della Vida — Tony Of Life,” Dr. Fauci said. “He told me he 
wanted the actor who was playing me to come down to Bethesda and go on 
hospital rounds with me and learn my mannerisms.
“He made the character a mix of goodness and rigidity. To him, that’s the federal 
government — rigid.”
“On opening night, he invited my wife and me, and he’s so sensitive about our 
friendship,” Dr. Fauci added. “I was standing around at the reception afterward 
with all these activists — Peter Staley, Gregg Gonsalves, Mark Harrington — and 
he comes up to me sheepishly and says, ‘Do you hate me?’”
“I said, ‘What, Larry, it was a good play.’”
“He said, ‘Well, I was a little hard on you.’”
“I said, ‘Larry, you’re always doing that to me, anyway!’”
The Life of Larry Kramer
…………………………………………………………………………………..
White House Comms back to blocking me.   They even balked at my doing press 
associated with Larry Kramer’s death……..really????
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 196 ---
864
Kayleigh McEnany coming out at her own orivate press conference saying thsat HC 
actually benefits patients, particular early patients.   POTUS doubling down on his use of 
HC.   Crazy Peter Navarro stops me in the EEOB office where we get our COVID tests 
and tells me that what I am saying about HC is actually causing many deaths (amazing 
asshole!!!).   It seems that my comments on CNN on Wednesday has really stirred up 
the White House.  They definitiely do not want me out there on the air.
Mike Caputo wants to have a “meal” with me to talk.   
We will wait to see what the RCTs show about HC.   The observational studies show no 
benefit and some significant risk.   I asked Andrea Lerner to review literature on HC for 
me.
PRESS:  BBC World Service NewsHour; Instagram interview with Sen. Tim Scott 
(R-SC); LA Times video interview; WYNC Radio with Amy Walter on Larry 
Kramer; STAT interview with Helen Branswell on vaccines; 
May 29, 2020 – Global – 5,600,000/354,000;  USA – 1,700,000/102,000
Had major confrontation with the people from Moderna, mostly Tal Zaks, aandStephane 
Bancel who wanted to push backon the collaboration (mostly do their own thing).   
Moncef, John, Larry and I set them straight.   Also Mikael Dolsten and people from 
Pfizer also wanting part of our resoruces (clinical sitesd) without joining the 
collaboration.   Several conference calls to straighten this out.   It is not going to be easy.
Had long conversation on “background” with Bob Woodward who is writing a book on 
the early response to COVID in the USA.   I provided him with some history of our 
response in early January and into February.   Will tlak more with him tomorow
PRESS: Wall Street Journal interview re: Chinese vaccines for COVID; Canadian 
Radio re: Larry Kramer; Young Money Radio – Lil Wayne and Dr. Dre;
May 31, 2020 – Global – 5,800,000/363,000;  USA – 1,800,000/104,000
Sunday – as expected, no shows for me.   Also, conditions influenced by widespread 
riots and disruptions going on in multiple cities in response to a Minneapolis policeman 
who killed an unarmed black man (George Floyd), which was videotaped by a passerby.  
This has dominated the news.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 197 ---
865
A race horse owner just bought a horse to run in the Belmont Stakes and named the horse 
“Fauci”!
I made it into a “Doonesbury” cartoon
June 1, 2020 – Global – 6,000,000/368,000;  USA – 1,800,000/104,000
Disruptions continue.  Trump either silent or fueling the problem.  McEnany looking 
more and more preposterous as she gives single person press briefings.
Riots getting worse.   Disruption and property destruction around White House and now 
into my very neighborhood blocks from my home up at Foxhole Center.   Walgren’s and 
Vourhius vandalized.  
Did Zoom interview led by Father Dan Lahart for the Regis High School graduating 
seniors.  Students loved it.
Jake Tapper did a piece on CNN quoting me as saying that I have not seen or spoken to 
the POTUS in 2 weeks from May 18 (Governors call)  through June 1.   Media picked up 
on it and made it a big deal
PRESS: Interview with London Times for profile of me;  TV interview with Italian 
TV (Sky TV)- Giovanna Pancheri; Washington Times interview on the effect of 
demonstrations/rioting on containment of COVID-19;
June 2, 2020 – Global – 6,100,000/371,000;  USA – 1,800,000/105,000
Riots continue in several cities.   Washington, DC particularly bad.   There was violence 
earlier yesterday, but then it was a peaceful demonstration.   The POTUS ordered the 
police to clear the way through Lafayette Park so that he could do a photo op with a bible 
at St. John’s Church across the street.   The police came in and scattered the mostly 
peaceful crowd and injured several with rubber bullets and clubs.   Things getting very 
bad.
Task Force in Sit Room meeting regarding usual stuff – testing, supply chain,etc.
Meeting with POTUS in Oval Office re: vaccines.  As usual, POTUS was very warm 
and friendly with me.   When he walked into the Oval with us waiting, I was standing 
next to the door and he said “I love you, Tony.   I feel like giving you a big hug”.   And 
throughout the meeting where Moncef described our vaccine activities to him, he kept 
referring to me.   After it was over, he called me close to the desk and asked how I was 
doing and said “How are you; you are looking real good”.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 198 ---
866
Ran into Alyssa Farah outside the White House.   Real strange.  She said that she really 
liked my performance on CNN with Town Hall and also with Jim Sciutto.   She asked 
how my other hits went.   I told her that I did not have any other hits and that all my 
requests for clearance over the past week have been turned down.   She acted very 
surprised and said she would look into this.   Again, she claimed that there was confusion 
and lack of coordination with VP’s Comms staff and theirs.   Something funny here.   I 
am meeting with Michael Caputo tomorrow AM in my house for breakfast.
PRESS:  Wall Street Journal – Tech Health Interview (ZOOM); Podcast with JAMA 
– Howard Bauchner
June 3, 2020 – Global – 6,200,000/378,000; USA – 1,800,000/106,000
No TF today.   Only a Governors call on Nursing Homes to which I was not invited. 
Probably mostly Seema Verma.   Also, despite people (including Kellyanne Conway) 
assuring me that we are returning to 3x/week press briefings without the POTUS (i.e. 
with the VP), nonetheless, the press briefing today was Kayleigh by herself at the 
podium.
Had breakfast at my house this AM (6:30 – 7:30 AM) on the back deck with Michael 
Caputo who wanted to discuss with me Comms strategy involving me.   Good 
conversation.   He says that there really is confusion at the level of the WH about putting 
me out.  Clearly Alyssa wants to put me out there (not for every request, but certainly not 
0 for 8 on a given week.   He says that Alexa Hennings is the scheduler who books TV 
appearances in the one blocking me for unclear reasons.   He will try to fix that sine he 
spoke with Alyssa over the phone yesterday (likely as a result of my meeting her outside 
the WH) and Alyssa wants to get me on more.   Complicated situation.   Also, Michael 
want me to do more PSAs and even a documentary.   He is trying to establish novel 
paradigms for COMMS involving me.   Also, we spoke a lot about his history with 
Russia and Roger Stone.   He and his family have been greatly harassed by Antifa and he 
understands my harassment by the dark web.   He is clearly an unusual guy who has been 
operating “at the edge” for some time.   However, he seems like a pretty good human 
being.
Anthony Fauci namesake is a favorite at 
Belmont Park 
By 
Justin Tasch
June 3, 2020 | 9:21am | Updated 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 199 ---
867
Dr. Anthony Fauci Getty Images composite 
Fauci could be a big winner Wednesday.
No, not Dr. Anthony Fauci, the infectious disease expert, but the horse named after him 
which will run in the third race at Belmont Park today as racing returns to Elmont, the 
first sporting event in New York in 80 days. Fauci, jockeyed by Tyler Gaffalione and 
trained by Wesley Ward, is a 4-to-5 favorite.
Had a very difficult experience today.   The POTUS called my cell and screamed at 
me because I had mentioned to the Press (likely on a Howard Bauchner podcast or a 
Politico interview that the duration of immunity for common coronaviruses was 6 months 
to 1 year and that although we do not know the duration of vaccine immunity, it is 
possible that we may have to use additional boosts.   Apparently the press blew this up 
and said that the vaccine will only protect for a very short time.  The POTUS was very 
angry.   He said I cannot keep doing this to him.   He said he lover me but the country is 
in trouble and I am making it worse.  He said the stock market only went up 600 points 
and it should have gone up 1000 points and so I cost the country $1 trillion.   Quite a 
phone call.
10:00 PM – Katie Miller called me up and said she had a message from the POTUS and 
the VP.  Both of them (POTUS and VP) asked Katie to tell me that they both loved me 
and are sorry about what happened.   They understand and feel that the press will 
continue to pit me against the POTUS and so please be careful.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 200 ---
868
PRESS:  Politico interview with Sarah Wheaton
June 4, 2020 – Global – 6,300,000/380,000;  USA – 1,850,000/107,000
Had call with NYC Health Commissioner Oxiris Barbot and Deputy Commissioner 
Demetre Daskalakis to discuss the possibility of doing a multicenter study of the 
Multisystem Inflammatory Sydnrome in Children (MIS-C).   NYC has 140 cases.
Just today informed that I have been chosen for the: 2020 Sammies Federal Employee 
of the Year award.  The ceremony will take place in September.
PRESS:  Live Instagram with Jose Andres; Alan Alda Podcast; Did interview with 
Jonathan Swan of Axios.   I got off interview quickly since it appeared I would be 
pitted against the POTUS with his questions.
June 5, 2020 -  Global – 6,400,000/385,000; USA – 1,870,000/108,000
Had Zoom with activists David Barr, Peter Staley, Mark Harrington, James Kellerstein 
about community engagement with COVID-19 research and the issue of releasing data 
before publication.
Moderna becoming a pain in the ass about the collaboration with mRNA vaccine.   
Wanting to pull back on prior agreements.   We will pull the BARDA money if they do 
so
Did “Fireside Chat” withn  Brookings Institute with David Rubenstein.
I made favorable comments today on CNBC about vaccines and decreasing of # of cases 
and the stock market went up by 3%.   I should (but will not) contact the POTUS and say 
that he told me on Tuesday that my remarks blunted the increase in the Stock Market and 
cost him “one trillion fucking dollars”.    And so now my remarks actually made him “4 
trillion fucking dollars”, and so he owes me $3 trillion.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 201 ---
869
PRESS:  WTOP Radio; Interview with the American Journal of Managed Care on 
the upcoming virtual IAS 2020 meeting; CNBC with Meg Tirrell; Radio interview 
with John Catsimatidis (NYC) – Cats Roundtable; Telemundo TV
June 6, 2020 – Global -      USA
Finally got a haircut with Sabine today after 11 weeks!!
Quiet day.   Catching up on NIH-related Talks.
June 7, 2020 – Global – 6,700,000/393,000;  USA -1,930,000/709
Sunday – no health people on Sunday Shows.   Nation gripped with protests, 
demonstrations and violence over death of George Floyd and other assaults on blacks.  A 
couple of days ago the POTUS ordered the clearance of Lafayette Park to get to St John’s 
Church to do a photo op with a bible.   Police crushed a peaceful crowd.   Major PR 
reaction.  Gen Milley and Sec. of Defense Asper being sharply criticized for being there 
and participating in the process.   They were probably taken by surprise of what they 
were involved in.   Milley wearing combat fatigues (not good).   Protests spreading 
worldwide.
Disturbing trend over past few days in number of new cases per day with 29,000 today.   
This is not rapidly going down regarding new cases, in fact going up.   USG claiming that 
this is due to doing more testing, but that cannot explain it all.   Could be result of crowds 
during Memorial Day and if so, we can expect more as country opens, in some cases 
prematurely.   Also, deaths keep coming down.
June 8, 2020 – Global – 7,000,000/399,000;  USA- 1,950,000/111,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 202 ---
870
PRESS: Univision TV; WRC TV – Doreen Gentzler; NY Times interview; WGN TV 
Chicago; iHeart Latino Radio with Enrique Santos; Spectrum News TV; taped Bio 
Fireside Chat (for tomorrow);  
June  9, 2020 -  
Phone call with Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) about “after action” evaluation of our 
response.
Big controversy when the WHO’s Maria Van Kerkhove said that transmission 
from asymptomatic person was “very rare”.   She got blasted for this since there was no 
data to indicate this.   We feel that there is substantial transmission since asytmptomatics 
have equivalent viral load in nasopharynx as do people with Sxs.   Also data from Teddy 
Roosevelt aircraft carrier and prisons and nursing homes and meat packing plants indicate 
that transmission occurs a lot from asymptomatics.
 Lovely “thank you” by the Weill Cornell Medicinegraduating students for my sending 
them a video brief “Commencement Address” for their “virtual graduation”.
Several state are showing increases in number of cases and % of tests that are positive.   
Coud be the beginning of a rebound.   NYC has opened as had DC.  Other  states getting 
“itchy” to open.   Major sentiment to move forward.   We will soon face the problem that 
if we see blips that are not contained by contact tracing, will the administration say damn 
the torpedoes, full speed ahead or will they pull bak.   I suspect the former.
Weill Cornell Medicine Student Thank you Video 
https://vimeo.com/426254316
Password: wcm
PRESS: Yahoo Finance TV; Interview with Melissa Healey of LA Times;
June 10, 2020 – Global – 7,100,000/405,000;  USA – 1,980,000/113,000
Reports of multiple states including North Carolina, South Carolina, Alaska, Arizona, 
California, Utah, Tennessee,etc. having the highest single day number of cases reported.   
Cannot just be due to increased testing.   Concern that the opening of states will be 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 203 ---
871
followed by increased infections that will be difficult to contact trace since many are 
asymptomatic.   Spoke with the David Barr group again last night and they feel that they 
will not be able to adequately contact trace if a uptick occurs.   Also, there is a growing 
urge for peope to “get out”.
Did a Zoom call with Francis Collins and the activists – Peter Staley, James Krellenstein 
about PrEP for COVID.
PRESS:  Good Morning America ABC; NPR – Science Friday with Ira Flatow 
(taped); CBC Canadian TV; Newsy  Documentary; Bill Nye “Science Rules”; Voice 
of America TV with Lesia Bakalets; Interview with the Daily Telegraph;
June 11, 2020 – Global  USA
Had good conversation (having these every 2 weeks) today with Bill Gates on status of 
mAb (Regeneron, Lilly, etc.).  Also, discussing other therapies. Also, discussed vaccines.
Great article in Elle magazine about Christine.
Big issue with companies that we are dealing with for COVID-19 vaccine.   Moderna is 
acting like and asshole in that they want the USG money but are resisting having the 
NIAID network (Larry) control the trial They have the IND and so the trial is really 
theirs.   Moncef and I and John Mascola had important call where Moncef indicated that 
he himself is concerned that a single network with one leader can be responsible for  3 
(Moderna, Astrazeneca, J & J) and possible 5 (Sanofu, Novovax) trials.   Abd so we 
decided that Moncef would put in writing that the companies can run their own trials in 
our network, but they must harmonize with regard to protocol design (with some 
variations), single DSMB, consistent lab results, and same primary and secondary 
endpoints.   If they do not agree, then BARDA does not give them money.
I am still concerned about Deb’s negative opinion and tendency towards EUA.
Spoke with Gary Bettman, Commissioner of NHL about their plan for a “bubbled” 
season → test all players and isolate them in a bubble and play the season like a 
tournament.. MLB and NFL considering such a plan.
PRESS:  CNBC “The Street” with Jim Cramer (interviewed by Katherine Ross); 
“The Stadium” TV Marquis Network.
June 12, 2020 -  Global – 7,300.000/415,000;  USA – 2,050,000/114,000
Did Council on Foreign Relations Zoom meeting; 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 204 ---
872
Crazy situation where WH approved nothing and then after the Podcast with Caputo, he 
said “The WH did not want you to do Wolf Blitzer yesterday since it competed with the 
POTUS on TV and so I asked for today, but they gave no response and so let us just go 
ahead and do it.”    Tough to figure out what if any strategy they have about getting me 
out to the media.
There is a resurgence of cases in those cities that are opening up and now the model is 
projecting 1000 deaths per day with total of 170,000 deaths  
PRESS:   RAI – Italian National TV; Yahoo News TV; ABC News Podcast with 
Jonathan Karl;  WAMU Diane Rehm Podcast; Local TV stations in Buffalo, New 
York City, Los Angeles, Seattle, Portland, Oregon, Atlanta; Podcast with Michel 
Caputo; CNN Situation Room with Wolf Bitzer;
June 13, 2020 -  Global – 7,400,000/418,000;  USA – 2,116,000/117,000
Got call from Alex Gorsky (CEO and Chairman at J & J) expressing concern on the part 
of the company CEOs regarding whether Gen. Gus Perna (as competent as he is supposed 
to be in military matters) can actually pull off the massive distribution of vaccine when it 
is ready including providing needles, syringes, etc.   I have the same issue since Gus 
seems like a good person but every time Alex or Esper says something, he says “Yes sir, 
we are on it and will get it done”   Seems too over-confident.   Does he really know what 
he is doing?
Got call from Gov. Cuomo at 8:00 AM but missed it because I was running on the C & 
O Canal.   When I called him back he as on a helicopter and will call me back later.  
When he called back, he expressed how much in denial the POTUS is.   He speaks with 
the POTUS regularly and tells him he needs to admit that cases are increasing, and he is 
going to help in suppressing them instead of denying them.   NYC is doing well by 
carefully opening according to my recommendations.   Cuomo says that I am the only 
one left in the USG who is speaking truth.   He has given up on Deb and somewhat on 
Bob (who actually has been speaking up lately)
Denial on part of administration saying that increases in case in CA, AZ, TX, NC are 
merely increases in testing and/or real increases, but mostly Americans returning from 
Mexico to get care since Mexico is exploding with infections right now.   Clearly there 
are increases in cases and hospitalizations
PRESS:  None but many shows are showing recent clips to make points.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 205 ---
873
June 14, 2020 (SUNDAY) – Global – 7,600,000/425,000; USA – 2,100,000/116,000
Riots continue with more police killing of African American men, this time in Atlanta 
with killing of Rayshard Brooks as he was running away after scuffle with police leading 
to firing of officer and resignation of Police Chief Erika Shields.
Becoming clear that the increase in infections in CA, AZ, TX, NC, etc. are real increases 
in addition to increased testing.
Had conversation with Fred Hiatt (Washington Post Editor of Editorial Page) about my 
evaluation of the situation.   I indicate that it should n0t be pure public health versus 
“damn the torpedoes, full speed ahead”, i.e. not shut down versus “liberate the state/city”.   
We should expect some cases as we open.   It is critical to how we handle these with 
identification, isolation, and contact tracing.
PRESS:   No Sunday Shows, but showing clips of my prior comments.
June 15, 2020 – Global – 7,700,000/428,000  USA – 2,100,000/116,000;
Governor’s call today at WH and I was not invited.
BARDA requesting FDA to pull back the EUA for Hydroxychloroquine and 
Chloroquine,   I was always against the EUA for HC and Ch since I did not believe that it 
fulfilled the criteria (some indication of efficacy) for an EUA:  see link below.   Also, this 
is the issue that Rick Bright has blown the whistle on, i.e. saying that he was pressured 
into recommending to FDA (when he was head of BARDA) to issue the EUA.
Got call from Michael Caputo today asking if I thought that the POTUIS should cancel 
his campaign rally.   I told him definitely yes.
https://www.fda.gov/media/138945/download 
Call from Jeremy Berg at Pitt sending me as Cell Host & Microbe by a Chinese group 
Shi-Hui Sun et al:  A mouse model of SARS-CoV-2 Infections and Pathogenesis.  28: 1-
10, July 8, 2020 (Online first)   indicating that the Chinese were making CRISPR.Cas9 
knockin mice for ACE-2 that were made 30 weeks ago, which would be August, 2019.   
Why would they be doing that last summer???  They could have been studying SARS, 
but they already had mouse models.   Possible they just wanted to use a better technique 
(CRISPR) OR they knew that SARS-CoV-2 already existed and the outbreak was already 
ongoing.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 206 ---
874
Spoke with Howard Zucker, Commissioner of Health for NY State.   He wanted advice 
about a possible National Policy for opening up universities.   I referred him to CDC, but 
also to Silvia Burwell to see what she is doing with AU.
PRESS:  NEJM Poodcast about our HIV paper in the series for the 50th 
Anniversary of NAM; 
June 16, 2020 – Global   USA
Laura Ingraham calls me “Deep State” for asking people to wear masks.
RECOVERY trial from UK showed good effect of Dexamethasone on COVID-19 
patients on ventilators or Oxygen, but not on early patients.
Media pushing a major breach between me and the White House.   Big issue is that 
Pence wrote an OpED in the WSJ saying that there were no increase in cases; the 
apparent increase was due to increased testing.  He got blasted since I (and to some extent 
Deb) said that the increase in cases was due to BOTH increase in testing AND actual 
increase in cases in CA, AZ, NC, TX, AL, etc..   Politico writes:
With help from Myah Ward
VEEP IN THOUGHT — Since February there has been a rift inside the White 
House between the scientists and the politicians over how to contain the spread 
of coronavirus. Anthony Fauci has been the consistent advocate of a forceful 
response and an opponent of any sugar-coating of the perils Americans face. 
President Donald Trump has been the reluctant warrior against the disease who 
took some major steps early on but soon grew impatient of the stay-at-home 
restrictions, the masks, and — most of all — the economic calamity that might 
jeopardize his re-election.
Vice President Mike Pence, the chair of the president’s coronavirus task force, 
often played the role of bridge between the factions. At the awkward task force 
briefings that dominated afternoon television in March and April, the three roles 
of the three men played out as theater: Fauci the doomsayer, Trump the 
misinformed optimist, and Pence the child of a troubled marriage trying to 
smooth things over during mom and dad’s public fights.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 207 ---
875
PRESS: Interview with AP (Marilyn Marchione); Nature – Heidi Ledford; WAMU 
Radio 1A;  Wall Street Journal on Dexamethasone study; Jesuit Conference podcast;   
Daily Beast – Erin Banco; LA Times Bill Shaikin about MLB opening; WCBS Radio, 
NYC – Linda Lopez; Financial Times -Hannah Kuchler 
June 17, 2020 – Global   USA
Serius problem emerging with Moderna who are insisting (see discussions above) on 
implementing the protocol for mRNA in a way that both Larry Corey and John Mascola 
feel strongly is contrary to the safe followup of people who get infected and also contrary 
to good science in being able to get good end point data.   We have tried, but theyhave a 
CMO who is incompetent (Tal   ).   Their CEO Stephane Bancel has a company that has 
never made a product or done a trial despite the fact that by somewhat questionable PR 
have built up a cash ase of billions of dollars.   We may have to threaten them with the 
withholding of BARDA.  This will be a sticky issue and likely very time consuming.   I 
will have to work through Francis, Azar, Marc Short, Mark Meadows, POTUS.   Yikes!
Did virtual meeting with Council on Foreign Relations Independent Task Force on 
Prepring for the Next Pandemic – organized by  Sylvia Burwell
Borowitz satirist continues to poke fun at Trump, Pence, Kushner by way of making up 
ridiculous satires about our relationship:  https://www.newyorker.com/humor/borowitz-
report/white-house-staff-seething-with-envy-after-fauci-reveals-he-has-not-spoken-to-
trump-in-two-weeks
Went toTask Force at WH at 4:00 to 5:30 PM.   Depite the fact that I was concerned 
about all the hevy publicity pitting me against the VP, everyone (including junior to 
moderate staff) were genuinely glad to see me.   Pence was joking with me from the time 
he came into the room.   He said he wants to steel my tricks.   He held up the WSJ and 
said when they asked me about the second wave, I should have done what Tony did and 
say “Second wave??   What second wave?   We are still in the first wave”
PRESS:  Tea Leaves Podcast – Asian Group;
June 18, 2020 – Global    USA
Communiation between Deb Birx and me on June 18:
Thank you.  I haven’t been sleeping because of this.  What do you think about going into 
MS with Lumina as the diagnostic sequencer and massive tracking molecularly?
Sent from my iPhone
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 208 ---
876
On Jun 18, 2020, at 7:26 AM, Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov> 
wrote (read from bottom to top):
As you recall, I have always been in favor of massive testing.   Now is the 
time.   We are swimming in the dark.   Let us discuss at the TF tomorrow.
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain 
sensitive information.  It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended 
recipient.  If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it 
from your mailbox or any other storage devices.  The National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the 
sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.  
From: Birx, Deborah L. EOP/NSC <Deborah.L.Birx@nsc.eop.gov> 
Sent: Thursday, June 18, 2020 8:00 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: Re: 18JUNE2020 Data
Thank you.  I haven’t been sleeping because of this.  What do you think about going into 
MS with Lumina as the diagnostic sequencer and massive tracking molecularly?
Sent from my iPhone
 
I have been obsessing about the increases in cases that do not seem to be 
related to openings or closings or massive crowds.   I believe that ultimately 
we will see increases related to all of the above; however, right now we may 
be looking for the lost keys under the light of the lamppost. There is 
something inherent here that we are missing and that is insidiously keeping 
the outbreak alive in the USA, and that is more concerning than anticipated 
spikes associated with identifiable events.
 
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 209 ---
877
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain 
sensitive information.  It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended 
recipient.  If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it 
from your mailbox or any other storage devices.  The National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the 
sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.  
 
From: Birx, Deborah L. EOP/NSC <Deborah.L.Birx@nsc.eop.gov> 
Sent: Thursday, June 18, 2020 6:37 AM
To: Redfield, Robert R. (CDC/OD) <olx1@cdc.gov>; Hahn, Stephen <SH1@fda.hhs.gov>; 
Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: FW: 18JUNE2020 Data
 
Remain concerned about CA, FL, TX – followed by SC, MS, NC, GA, AL.  Bob let me know 
where exactly you went as we need to ensure surge to the next set of States next week.  The 
reason I pushed back on calling it “just reopening”  because it implies it just a thing and 
everything is just cases we expected but I think this is serious and specific populations especially 
the underdiagnosed Hispanic communities are at enormous risk.  Tony and Bob, I need your 
teams to explore pools of 10 on thermofisher and Roche.  We need to be able to tst 10X right now 
in communities when you get your team on the ground.  We also need creative ways for housing 
and work among asymptomatics – ie working and housing in teams to decrease spread.  Open to 
all discussion.  Hopefully we can meet and strategize tomorrow.  We need a breakthrough in 
masks.  Pulled 2 paper but maybe we can strengthen guidance.  Also sending the antibody 
paper.  Deb
Amazing interview with Bobv Cousy who praises me so wonderfully:
http://hoopshd.com/2020/06/17/a-couple-of-crusaders-hoopshd-interviews-bob-cousy-
about-dr-anthony-fauci/
Selected quotes from Cousy: 
Dr. Fauci has become even more well-known this year during his 
press conferences as a member of the White House Coronavirus Task 
Force: what is it about him that causes the country to trust him? He 
gets offstage as quickly as possible, which is an attribute I admire greatly. I am 
not trying to share his spotlight but over the past few decades when someone 
asked who my heroes were I would say Dr. Tony Fauci. Lately I have added Bryan 
Stevenson to the list after reading his book “Just Mercy” about 5 years ago.
Tony spent his career at NIH simply helping people with his 
intellect/knowledge/desire. I think that he is the most unassuming superstar and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 210 ---
878
just wants to help the world. I would like to think that he was engendered with 
that philosophy by the Jesuits.
 
Got call from Chris Wallace at Fox News saying he has been trying to get me on his 
show for weeks and wanted to know how I was doing.   I told him to keep trying and 
maybe he will get it.
Michael Caputo called me and told me that the Comms people in the WH want to keep 
me off TV until next week because of my message that is contrary to the VP and POTUS 
– no kidding.
OWS meeting today talking about modelling where the infections are going to surge for 
the vaccine trial. 
Monsaoui met with Pfizer who said that would sell the vaccine for $100/dose.  This is a 
non-starter.   A price should be ~$25/dose.   During this emergency, we can take over 
Pfizer or invoke the Defense Production Act (DFA) and dictate the price, and so we have 
a “hammer” with them.
I have been speaking about the danger of states/cities leap-frogging over the progressive 
checkpoints in the guidelines to “Open America Again” as well as the danger of those in 
states who trying to do it right now wearing masks and/or congregating in crowds.   And 
sure enough, we are now having significan increases in cases and hospitalization in FL, 
TX, AZ, OK.   Particukarly problematic in OK where the Trump campaign rally is taking 
place tomorrow in Tulsa.
My comments about the difficulty in getting the football season going this Fall and 
Winter has been very widely overed in the Sports Press
PRESS: McLatchey print interview – Michael Wilner;  Washington Post Podcast 
with Allie Caren; Dan Patrick Sports News – TV; Vice News TV; Correire Della 
Sera print interview; Financial Times – HIV compared to COVID-19
June 19, 2020 – Global -    USA
Spoke with Fr. Dan Lahart to give him advice and discussion about whther to open up 
Regis for the Fall term or do it virtually.   I explained that it would depend on the viral 
dynamics at the time of opening.   Their problem is that >95% of the students get to 
Regis by riding on a subway and so they really have a defined daily risk that would be 
reflected by the virus activity in the city.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 211 ---
879
Last day of my HHS Security Detail.   The whole crew  George Adams, Brett Rowland, 
Andre Jacobs, Greg, Mike, and also Mike Lunetto came over for photos and to brief me 
about future protection.
POTUS tweeted about me today saying that I have nothing to do with the NFL…. “Tony 
Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football.   They are planning a very safe and controlled 
opening.   However, if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Grand Ameican 
Flag,  I won’t be watching”.
Sign in Greenwich Village:
PRESS:  CBS News Radio NYC; WABC Radio NYC video podcast; Global Health 
Affairs Interview with Susan Dentzer
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 212 ---
880
June 20, 2020 – Global   USA
Things are really heating up.   Someone leaked to media that Deb and I advised against 
the Tulsa Campaign rally.   We never really discussed it at the TF meeting.   I got text-
pinged by several reporters (Jon Karl, Norah O’Donnell, Jim Sciutto, Jim LaCosta  about 
this.   I honestly said that I could not conbfirm this since we never discussed thr Tulsa 
rally specifically.   Nonetheless, today papers are saying that this is the case.   Clearly 
someone is leaking things without knowing the facts.   Karl told me that the word was out 
even before the TF meeting ended.  And so, someone is leaking even before we finish.
I am getting progressively disillusioned with Deb Birx.   She is happy talking the 
increased cases and the VP who is desparately looking for good news listenes to her and 
actually thinks that thngs are going well when, in fact. 13 states are clearly having surges 
of cases.   She makes the case that 37 cases are stable or decreasing and underplays the13 
that are “on fire”.   In fact after the TF meeting on Friday (yesterday, the VP wants us to 
present this to the POTUS who probably hates me by now, even though he says that he 
“loves me”.   He has tweeted about me 3 times yesterday and today.   Deb has ststed that 
we should noit do clinical trials since “I want to see every infected person in a nursing 
home get plasma early on and steroids later.   Forget the trial, we need to do this on 
EUAs.    She says the same thing about vaccine trials.   Clearly, she is trying to provide 
Trump with his October surprise. I may need to blow the whistle on her.
It is reported that several(6) staff from the WH rally advance team have tested positive 
upon screening.
Katie Miller called me and asked if she were protected from reinfection since she is in 
Tulsa with the Campaign rally and she did not want to wear a mask because of the Trump 
group not wearing masks as a symbol of resistance against the scientists.   I told her that 
she and Steven should wear masks since Tulsa is a hot bed and she needs to think of the 
fact that she is in 2nd trimester of pregnancy.
David Perlman of he SF Chronicle. He was a great science reporters and one who first 
interviewed me during the earlier years of HIV/AIDS
Trump-Fauci tension building up by the press.   White House remains friendly, but press 
reports stressing the difference between the POTUS and me.  I am now being ttacked 
more by the far right.   Higly tense political situations.   I quite frankly do not really care.   
I will keep doing what I am doing.   Am being constantly pinged (texted) by the press 
asking my opinion of various statements that are coming out.
Kayleigh McEnany essentially saying that I will not be out in the press.  Alyssa Farah is 
the one hope in Comms since she clearly wants me out their.   Kayleigh constantly lying 
to and insulting the press.   They are all on to her.
POTUS makes silly statement at the rally in Tulsa that the more you test, the more cases 
there will be (implying that testing causes cases) and then said that he told his people to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 213 ---
881
“slow down the testing”.   This triggered a rash of press calls to me that I answered on 
background or off the record.
NIH Clinical Trial Evaluating Hydroxychloroquine and Azithromycin for COVID-
19 Closes Early
The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), part of the National 
Institutes of Health, has stopped enrollment in its clinical trial evaluating whether 
hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin can prevent hospitalization and death from 
coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). This action was taken because NIAID, the study 
leadership and the independent data and safety monitoring board (DSMB) overseeing the 
trial determined that the rate of participant enrollment has been inadequate for the trial to 
meet its objectives in a timely manner. No safety concerns were associated with the trial.
PRESS:
June 21, 2020 (Sunday) – Cases still surging in 13 to 20 states.   Global – 
8,500,000/459,000;  USA – 2,300,000/120,000
Much concern about surge of cases, particularly in Florida and South Carolina and 
Georgia and Oklahoma.   Also, tensions regarding the Tulsa campaign rally.
June 22, 2020 – Global – 8,700,000/462,000;  USA – 2,300,000/120,000
Belowis a very good article in Politico that describes in detail whast the problem has been 
in ther USA response to COVID-19
How the U.S. and Italy traded places on coronavirus
While Trump touted America’s reopening and watched infections climb, European 
leaders maintained strict rules and drove cases down.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 214 ---
882
The historical Piazza della Signoria square in 
Florence, Italy, in early June. | Andrew Medichini/AP Photo
By DAN DIAMOND and SARAH WHEATON
06/22/2020 04:30 AM EDT
Three months ago, public health officials feared that America would be swamped 
by Covid-19 like Italy. Today, the U.S. would be lucky to swap its coronavirus 
crisis for theirs.
Italy’s sudden surge of coronavirus in March swamped hospitals, pushed the 
nation into a strict lockdown and forced its doctors to ration life-saving 
ventilators. About 200,000 Italians were sickened and 29,000 died from the 
virus by May 1 alone. Global health officials seized on Italy — as the first country 
outside of China to be battered by the virus — as a disturbing case study for the 
rest of the world. In private meetings, White House officials worried that Italy 
was a preview of the storm about to hit the U.S. health system.
But Italy announced just 264 new Covid-19 cases on Saturday — the same day 
that the United States reported nearly 32,000. The European nation opened its 
restaurants and stores a month ago, albeit under new, national safety measures, 
even as U.S. states wrestled with inconsistent, hasty reopening efforts that have 
been blamed for new virus spikes. And Italy’s outbreak has dramatically ebbed 
from its mid-March peak, while America’s new per capita cases remain on par 
with Italy's worst day — and show signs of rising further, with record 
hospitalizations in states like Arizona, Florida and Texas last week.
“I think there are going to be states in our country that can replicate Italy,” said 
Ashish Jha, head of Harvard’s Global Health Institute, noting that New York has 
made its own dramatic strides in containing the virus.
“But I would rather spend this summer in Rome with my family than in Phoenix.”
Italy is not alone in driving coronavirus down to manageable levels. Its Western 
European neighbors Spain and France grappled with damaging outbreaks that 
killed tens of thousands and prompted lockdowns, only to drive daily new cases 
below 500. Meanwhile, Germany was able to fend off the virus with relatively low 
mortality, which some credit to the nation’s robust test-and-trace strategy. The 
collective recovery of the European nations — punctuated by Italy’s apparent 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 215 ---
883
turnaround — stands in stark contrast to the muddle facing many parts of 
America, where the death toll has now topped 120,000.
“I would rather spend this summer in Rome with my family than in 
Phoenix.”
 Ashish Jha, head of Harvard’s Global Health Institute
Jha and other public health experts say that America’s piecemeal, politicized 
approach to fighting coronavirus has left the United States ever-further behind 
the Western European nations that were similarly threatened by the virus but 
moved more judiciously to fend it off. They also say that Western Europe is a 
better comparison point for the United States than nations like South Korea and 
Singapore, which had been scarred by previous viral outbreaks and were more 
prepared to handle the arrival of Covid-19. After the damaging initial spike in 
cases, European Union members' total daily case count is now about one-
eighth of the U.S. daily cases — despite having roughly the same population.
“Both we and Western Europe were really slow to act,” said Jeremy Konyndyk of 
the Center for Global Development, who helped oversee international aid efforts 
during the Obama administration. “But the worst performers in Europe with the 
bad luck to get hit first, like Italy and Spain … they are now down 85, 95 percent 
in terms of case counts from the peak.”
“In the US, we’ve struggled to get it down one-third — and in the last few days, it 
looks like it could rebound again,” Konyndyk added.
Partisan fights bog down U.S. response
Public health experts cited multiple factors for why the fortunes of the United 
States have differed from Western Europe — starting with the intense 
politicization that worked against a disciplined response, and the federal 
government’s decision to let individual states take the lead in reopening. The 
decisions of some states to end their lockdowns as early as possible — at levels of 
infection considerably higher than those that triggered reopening in Western 
Europe — appear to have consigned the United States to a far longer battle with 
the virus.
President Donald Trump and some Republican governors have bristled at public 
health experts’ advice, questioning predictions on viral spread and pushing back 
on recommended lockdowns. GOP-led states like Georgia and Texas reopened 
their economies despite requests from public health experts to wait for more 
testing and fewer cases.
Meanwhile, Trump’s allies and pundits on Fox News pushed malaria drugs as 
possible Covid-19 cures, despite scant evidence, leading to largely fruitless efforts 
that consumed the time of senior federal officials — including scientists whose 
time would have been better spent pursuing other therapies.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 216 ---
884
“There are plenty of people, on cable TV and elsewhere, who exploited that the 
virus was primarily in New York and other places to say that it's a blue state 
problem,” said Harvard’s Jha. “They’d ask, ‘Why are we shutting down Montana 
when the problem is Manhattan?’”
Democrats, meanwhile, didn’t condemn hundreds of thousands of people for 
violating restrictions on mass gatherings to protest police brutality this month. 
Instead, governors like New Jersey’s Phil Murphy and Michigan’s Gretchen 
Whitmer broke the lockdown orders that they had extended just days before to 
join the protests themselves — moves that confused many Americans about the 
need for social distancing and fueled charges of hypocrisy from conservatives.
Even basic protections have been politicized in the United States. Trump has 
eschewed a mask in public and has sometimes mocked others for wearing face 
coverings — despite requirements that people wear masks in certain states and 
ample science that they work to prevent the virus’ spread.
The president also swiped at mask-wearers in a Wall Street Journal interview last 
Wednesday, suggesting that some Americans are wearing coverings to signal 
their disapproval with him. He has repeatedly voiced his hesitation about the 
widespread coronavirus testing urged by public health experts, including 
controversial remarks at his rally on Saturday.
"When you do testing to that extent, you're going to find more people," Trump 
said during his rally in Tulsa, Okla. "You're going to find more cases. So I said to 
my people, slow the testing down please." White House officials claimed Trump 
was joking.
But in Italy, there’s been much less disagreement over scientists’ 
recommendations — including lockdowns that were more restrictive than those 
applied in the United States — particularly after the virus swiftly tore through the 
nation in early March, peaking at 6,557 new cases announced on March 21. 
(Adjusted for population, that would be equivalent to about 35,400 new cases in 
the United States.) While some protested, residents largely went along with 
restrictions that effectively banned jogging, instituted one-at-a-time entry 
policies for grocery stores and saw the Pope livestream his Easter Mass from an 
empty St. Peter’s Basilica.
That still wasn’t enough to spare Italy from horrific consequences in the early 
spring: Doctors had to make decisions on the fly about who would get life-saving 
care when there weren’t enough beds to go around. Dead bodies had to be stored 
in sealed-off rooms until funeral services were available in the worst-hit regions.
“The Italian crisis provoked by Covid-19 is the most serious event in Italian 
history after World War II,” Italian doctors Ciro Indolfi and Carmen 
Spaccarotella wrote in April's Journal of the American College of Cardiology. “It 
is a national human, health, and economic tragedy.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 217 ---
885
But the devastation hit home in a way that prompted broad acceptance of 
lockdown measures. Political leaders largely embraced the need for personal 
protection and have even policed each other. Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte 
regularly wears a mask in public — and when he attempted to remove it to speak 
to his parliament in April, he was heckled by fellow lawmakers.
Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte regularly wears a mask in public — and when he 
attempted to remove it to speak to his parliament in April, he was heckled by fellow 
lawmakers. | (LaPresse, Pool via AP Photo)
When far-right populist leader Matteo Salvini tried to take a page from the 
Trump playbook, tweeting accusations that the virus came from a Chinese lab 
and occupying the parliament in protest of lockdowns, the move backfired. His 
party, the League, is still the most popular party in Italy’s polls, backed by about 
25 percent of voters, but support has dropped since February and its lead over 
the center-left Democratic party has narrowed considerably.
“One issue that was amazing about all this: Italians took the quarantine seriously, 
they collaborated with the central orders and were able to follow the guidelines” 
despite widespread economic suffering, said Raffaella Sadun, a Harvard Business 
School professor who advised Italy’s prime minister on the crisis. “This may be 
the primary point of difference with what we are seeing in the U.S.”
National leadership takes center stage
The early wave of coronavirus cases blindsided leaders around the globe — 
although those leaders adopted significantly different paths to respond.
“Whoever the leadership was, we would’ve had an outbreak. Virtually every 
country has,” said Jennifer Kates, director of the Kaiser Family Foundation’s 
global health policy work. “The United States clearly performed poorly at many 
points along the way in January, in February, in March.”
In the United States, Trump’s deputies struggled to convince the president to take 
necessary steps to fend off Covid-19 across February and March, ranging from 
mobilizing more parts of the federal government to ensuring the availability of 
adequate testing. Even after Trump recognized the severity of the crisis by mid-
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 218 ---
886
March, the White House largely delegated the subsequent response to states — 
forcing governors to end up bidding against each other for supplies and 
resources, and fueling broader chaos.
But in famously fractious Italy, after some initial confusion over who was in 
charge, national leadership devised a more centralized plan that regional 
governors could follow. In Germany, lawmakers gave the federal government 
emergency authority to impose health measures across the 16 states. Likewise, 
the European Union leaders in Brussels 
ultimately convinced national capitals to 
stop hoarding medical supplies, coordinate border closures and start discussing 
the appropriate standards for ending lockdowns well in advance.
The European countries’ response hasn’t been seamless. Spain was initially 
hamstrung by Madrid’s failure to get its fractious regions in line, and German 
Chancellor Angela Merkel has faced her own challenges from unhappy regional 
leaders. But up-front coordination and quick decisions paid dividends across the 
monthslong crisis, experts said.
“That central cohesive role of a federal government has been lacking in the 
United States. In a way, the U.S. has hamstrung itself.”
 Alexandra Phelan of Georgetown’s Center for Global Health Science and 
Security
“One of the strengths about a federation or a nation is that you can centralize 
priorities and goods like acquiring personal protective equipment, or policies like 
when to test for coronavirus,” said Alexandra Phelan of Georgetown’s Center for 
Global Health Science and Security.
“That central cohesive role of a federal government has been lacking in the 
United States,” Phelan added. “In a way, the U.S. has hamstrung itself.”
Another significant difference: how national leaders abroad publicly incorporated 
the advice of their top health advisers, even as Trump often undermined the 
messages of experts like infectious disease doctor Anthony Fauci — sometimes as 
they shared the same stage.
"Countries that have had good understanding between political leaders and 
public health leaders have done the best,” said David Heymann, a professor of 
infectious disease epidemiology at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical 
Medicine who led the global response to the SARS outbreak in 2003. He pointed 
to Germany as a good example, where its public health institute “has been a 
constant adviser to the government, and the government has taken the 
information and used it.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 219 ---
887
No time for American exceptionalism
Even as the coronavirus situation began to worsen across the winter, Trump 
administration leaders repeatedly touted the U.S. health system as an advantage 
that other nations lacked — and, as independent experts acknowledged, for good 
reason.
A scorecard issued by the Nuclear Threat Initiative and the Johns Hopkins 
Center for Healthy Security in October 2019 ranked the United States the most-
prepared nation to face a pandemic, citing ample investments in infectious 
disease detection and response, led by organizations like the Centers for Disease 
Control. Meanwhile, Italy ranked 31st in preparedness, falling behind nations like 
Estonia and Indonesia.
But the all-encompassing faith in the U.S. infrastructure turned out to be 
misplaced, exemplified by the CDC’s early failure on testing, which contributed to 
coronavirus’ silent spread. Trump’s own vows in February and March that the 
virus would simply “disappear” put the United States out of step with other 
developed nations.
“How much of that was America knows best, America can handle this… that was 
certainly part of the decision-making,” said Kates of the Kaiser Family 
Foundation. “That turned out to be the wrong call.”
Meanwhile, the administration’s aggressive, isolationist posture — with Trump 
bashing global health experts and threatening to yank the United States’ funding 
from the World Health Organization — has done little to help coordination. And 
nations like Italy, which provide universal health care access to citizens, 
simplified residents’ efforts to get tested and treated.
The insular thinking in the United States has alarmed global health experts, who 
said that opportunities to learn from other nations were missed.
“There was no sound reason to think that a virus capable of overwhelming the 
health systems of China and Italy would prove any less dangerous in the United 
States,” Konyndyk of the Center for Global Development wrote in Foreign 
Affairs this month. “But leaders across American society imagined that somehow 
the United States would be spared the ravages of the disease.”
A push to reopen
If the United States had waited just a few more weeks to lift lockdowns — or more 
rigorously imposed them in the first place — that could’ve driven cases down 
much further, experts agree.
“We know that a one-week delay in imposing lockdowns, given the exponential 
nature of transmission, could have reduced cases by 50 percent,” said 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 220 ---
888
Georgetown’s Phelan, who acknowledges the downsides of social distancing for 
economies.
European countries’ “initial reopening phase was more or less comparable to our 
full lockdown phase. And they were much more judicious and consistent in how 
they applied it,” said Konyndyk. “They had a much more hard-nosed and a much 
more consistent approach to limiting transmission.”
The experts acknowledged that Covid-19 has proven to be a fearsome opponent 
and that small flare-ups can quickly mushroom into major outbreaks, changing 
the calculus on which countries have contained the virus.
But for now, the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control — modeled 
on the U.S. CDC — has given European countries a pat on the back last week.
“Decreasing trends in disease incidence are observed and sustained” in almost all 
EU countries, the European health agency’s latest threat assessment declared. 
While no one knows exactly which types of social distancing measures are best, or 
just how intense they need to be, the ECDC said, “such measures appear to have 
been associated, at least temporarily, with decreases in the number of newly 
reported cases.”
“The lesson for the United States, in my opinion, is … the only strategy, in the 
absence of the vaccine and specific therapy, during the Covid-19 pandemic is 
social isolation and the use of masks,” said Indolfi, the Italian cardiologist.
Indolfi — who lives in Calabria, a southern region of Italy that experts 
worried was at high risk if Covid-19 got a foothold, given its lack of infrastructure 
— noted that his nation’s coronavirus intensive care wards are virtually empty 
and that the pandemic “can be considered practically over.”
“At the present time, in Italy people consider themselves safer,” he said.
Several experts like Phelan, who also serve as public health professors, said that 
they’d already begun incorporating the U.S. response into their classes as a lesson 
on public health failures.
“I know for my course, this is pretty much going to be all we’ll talk about,” said 
Phelan, who teaches national and global health law at Georgetown.
Kates, of the Kaiser Family Foundation, concluded, “You would not look to the 
United States as a case study of how to do this well. The U.S. has in the past, and 
could in the future, shown tremendous leadership in health crises. ... The fact that 
we couldn't do it in this case — it is depressing, as a global health person.”
Harvard’s Jha, who said he’s long championed some flexibilities in the U.S. 
health system compared to nations with socialized health care, said he’s come to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 221 ---
889
his own grim conclusion about America’s often scattershot response to 
coronavirus.
“We may end up being the worst of any country in the world in terms of our 
response,” Jha said. “Italy… they're going to do way better than us.”
Continued press activity around my comment about NFL likely not being able to play in 
the Fall inless in a bubble.   Causing a big uproar with crazies saying I did this so as to 
hurt Trump since he needs “return to normal” to get re-elected.
Did a Q and A by Zoom with the Directors of all of the Smithsonian Institutes (>12) on 
COVID-12.   Good back and forth.
Mark Meadows called me about helping with a friend of his hospitalized in NC with 
COVID-19 and compliating bacterial pneumonias
HBO is going to do a scripted series about me:
‘Outliers’ Anthology Series From Brian 
Grazer & Malcolm Gladwell In Works At 
HBO Max With Dr. Anthony Fauci As 
First Subject
By 
Nellie Andreeva
Nellie Andreeva
Co-Editor-in-Chief, TV
@DeadlineNellie
More Stories By Nellie
▪ NBC Commits To Filming 5 Pilots This Year, Rolls 5 To 2021 As ‘La Brea’ 
& ‘Debris’ Get On Path To Possible Series Orders
▪ ‘Perry Mason’ Draws Largest Premiere Night Multi-Platform Viewership 
For HBO Series In Almost 2 Years
▪ ‘The Young And The Restless’ Eyes July Production Restart Date
VIEW ALL
June 22, 2020 9:43am
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 222 ---
890
• Facebook
• Twitter
• Print
• Email
• Show more sharing options
Sage Grazer/Celeste Sloman/Shutterstock
EXCLUSIVE: HBO Max has put in development Outliers, an anthology 
series based on Malcolm Gladwell’s New York Times bestselling book. It 
hails from Brian Grazer, Imagine Television Studios and CBS Television 
Studios. Greg Walker, showrunner of the DC Universe series Titans, will 
write and executive produce the series, with Gladwell also executive 
producing.
Outliers will take a detailed look at why people are successful, what 
makes them successful and at what cost. Part historical drama, part 
biopic, each season will profile individuals through an unique lens, 
looking at the specific historical situation which led to their outsized 
imprint on society and what ultimately makes them an Outlier.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 223 ---
891
Kayleigh continues to make a fool of herself on TV with ridiculous answers to questions.
PRESS:   Interview with John Lauerman (Bloomberg News – London); WNYC 
NPR Radio with Brian Lehrer; Radiolab Public Radio Interview podcast Jab 
Abumrad; ESPN 98.7 Radio Interview (30 minutes)
June 23, 2020 – Global – USA
Big day today with House Energy and Commerce Hearing on COVID-19.   Me, Redfield, 
Hahn, Giroir.   
VP called me at 10:00 AM when I was driving with Farncois to the Hearing.  He called 
from Air Force 2 (on way to Wisconsin) and we spoke for 25 minutes.  He wanted to 
know if I needed anything.   He is a good guy, but he was really calling (sub-text of his 
words) to urge me to go lightly in my explanations and to not forget to bring out some of 
the positive things that are being done.   He still is a guy with the glass half full and not 
half empty.   He even admitted this in the conversation.
Hearing was very long (6 hours).  I had some cantankerous exchanges with Rep. 
McKinley (R-WV)  who was giving me shit about saying early on that we should not 
wear masks to save them for the HCWs at a time when there was a shortage.  I said “Ok, 
we are going to play that game”   This went viral on social media.   Also, I sqwitched in 
the middle of the Hearing from a black mask to a Washington Nationals mask, which 
went viral and 2 days later led to a big photo of me with the Nats mask in the Sports 
Section of the Washington Post.
POTUS tweeted about me right before the Hearing:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 224 ---
892
And so now I am his friend when he sees that I have high approval ratings.   Totally 
amazing!!
PRESS:  Winston Salem State Radio Podcast with Chancellor Elwood Robinson – 
WSSU – Future Focus Now, WSNC 90.5
June 24, 2020 – Global – 9,000,000/470,000;  USA – 2,350,000/122,000
Based on my discussions last night with David Barr and the group he brought together of 
people in the trenches of COVID-19 in NYC, New Orleans, DC, Seattle and Chicago, it 
is clear that the surge is caused by people opening up and throwing caution to the wind 
leading to community spread.   We (me) say that in orde to contain these increases in 
nfection that will inevitably occur when you open, we need to identify, isolate and 
contact trace.   They are saying that this doesnot work.   Contact tracing is a sham.   It is 
done by phone, people do not trust government, there is no isolation after the tracing 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 225 ---
893
when tracing does occur and people go right back into multi-generational homes and 
infect the vulnerable.   
     This was confirmed in 2 conversation that I had with Mak Ghaly the Secretary of 
California HHS.   Here is his e-mailfrom today:
Hi, thanks for talking this morning and including me in on this 
conversation. 
In Califronia, we have built up a statewide contact tracing platform 
called CALConnect and we are on our way to have nearly 10,000 contact 
tracers throughout the state as our phase I program.  This said, 
contact tracing can be improved by
1) increasing the availability of disease investigators skilled at 
conducting the initial deep dive into an identified case 
2) hiring an army of contact tracing workers who look like the 
community they work in and speak the same language as those they are 
working to contact trace and support 
3) must fund and make widely available safe places for supported 
isolation and/or quarantine- underused hotels make sense. 
4) must help fund two weeks of wage replacement so that low income 
individuals don’t have to make a short term choice between feeding 
their families or spreading coronavirus. 
In my view funding these ideas at the federal level is a way to do both 
community stimulus and response with one single investment strategy. 
I will report this to the TF.   I am afraid that we are not equipped to handle resurgences at 
the community level.
Did taped briefing to the US Conference of Mayors.
Deb and I realize that Bob redfield is over his head and not really mounting an adequate 
response.   He is passive.   Good guy, but not fit for the job.
PRESS:  NPR “Morning Edition” – Rachel Martin;  Front page story and picture of 
me in Washington Post and New York Times about the House Hearing yesterday;  
NPR Sacramento CapRadio – Sammie Caiola – Facebook Live
June 25, 2020 – Global   USA
Called Deb this AM trying to figure out how to stop this disaster.   Contact tracing does 
not work.   We need pooled testing.   She will talk to Jared and I offered to call Mark 
Meadows.  Spoke with Mark for 20 minutes at 7:45 AM.  I laid it on heavy and he 
gets it.   He will call an emergency meeting at the WH and agrees that we need to do 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 226 ---
894
pooled testing.  I told him that our response regarding contact tracing and isolation was a 
“Fucking disaster and an abject failure”   Also, he fully appreciates that the CDC is not 
up to the task.   They cannot respond o a domestic or global pandemic.
Had good conversation with DeMaurice Smith Director of the NFL Players 
Association (NFLPA). I clarified the misunderstanding re: my saying there will not be 
an NFL this Fall/Winter.
Did 1.5 hour Zoom with CondeNaste led by Anna Wintour.   This is the overarching 
organization of mlost of the major magazines such as Vanity Fair, Wired, Self, Vogue, 
Bon Apetit.
I have been invited to appear on Dancing with the Stars – no thanks!
PRESS:  Toronto Radio KISS 92.5; picture of me with my Nats Mask in the Sports 
Section of the Washington Post
June 26, 2020 – Global – 9,300,000/480,000;   USA – 2,420,000/125,000.  40,000 new 
cases yesterday, the most for a single day.
Spoke woth Gary Bettman, Commissioner of the NHL giving advice about their opening.
My talk with Mark Meadows yesterday precipitated a major firestorm of 
disagreement in the WH.   Some elements led by VP and his staff (particularly Katie) 
felt we should have a TF meeting and then have a Press Conference with me and Deb 
leading and run by the VP.   Apparently, Kayleigh and Alyssa and the POTUS team 
(probably Jared and the economy team) were against this.   Triggered much rancor, but 
finally we did it.   Clearly, the lines are dividing in the WH.  Clearly, I am precipitating 
this since Deb still cannot get herself to speak up even though she lives in the WH.   At 
the Press Conference, unfortunately, the VP continues to stress the bright side about 
how well we have done when the southern part of the country is on fire.   I came in 
and spoke of the danger to the entire country even though the map looks like there are 
more good parts than bad parts of the country.   I stressed that we are a heterogeneous 
country, but we are not disconnected within the country and an outbreak anywhere is a 
danger even to those sections that have done well.   I stressed that the young people have 
both a personal and a societal responsibility.   If they get infected, they are feeding the 
dynamics of the outbreak and are part of the problem, not part of the solution.   It is up to 
them.
The press killed the VP following the press conference saying that he did happy talk 
when the country is in serious trouble.   They are correct.   At least the press that I added 
a reality check to the story.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 227 ---
895
Had out Security team over the house for a “separation party” since they are being 
withdrawn since the death and violent threats have decreased over the past 2 weeks.   
Team leader George Adams plus Andre Jacobs, Ken Marty, Brett Rowland, Mike Salva  
Had a wonderful time.   We had really bonded with these guys over the past few months.
PRESS:   Much press associated with my remarks at the press conference today.   
Will spill over to tomorrow;  Meg Tirrell of CNBC will show parts of our interview 
today with the Milken Institute; Interview with Elizabeth Cohen (CNN) for the 
Aspen Institute and Aspen Ideas – she will use this for CNN tonight.
June 27, 2020 – Global – 9,700,000/494,000;  USA – 2,500,000/125,000;   45,000 cases 
today – highest amount ever.   Florida is having increased hospitalizations as is Arizona 
and California.   
Clear, there is a SERIOUS PROBLEM.  
Deb, Bob Redfield, Steve Hahn and I had a Zoom call that Deb and I arranged.   It is 
clear that we need to change strategies and rely (see above) on massive community 
testing and effective tracing in person and on foot at the community level.   Our efforts 
have failed for a number of reasons.   Bob still insisting that there were likely these many 
infections all along, but we were missing them since many were asymptomatic and now 
we are picking them up.   That is crazy since there are more hospitalizations and the 
percent positives of testing are increased in several states.   The VP saying yesterday that 
we are doing really well becomes more ludicrous.   There will likely be 100,000 cases per 
day by August.
Cliff and I will try to help out Deb by getting NIH-funded elements to help in the 
community testing.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 228 ---
896
PRESS:  Stories from yesterday’s disastrous press conference.
June 28. 2020 – Global – 9,66,000/492,000;   USA – 2,500,000/126,000;    5th day in a 
row of new record set for number of daily cases.
Pence (inexplicably) continues on TV to say we have done very well and ours is a 
success story.   He is getting blasted.   I have been completely blocked from TV by the 
Comms team at the White House.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 229 ---
897
Next couple of weeks will be critical as hospitalizations increase.
VP is finally wearing a mask.    Believe that Deb likely convinced him
PRESS:   Interview with Apoorva Mandavilli of New York Times on “pooled 
testing”;  Wolf Blitzer showed an interview of me by Elizabeth Cohen as part of the 
Aspen Ideas Festival in a Special Sunday Night Edition of the Situation Room.
June 29, 2020 – Global – 10,000,000/500,000;   USA – 2,550,000/127,000
47,000 new cases yesterday.  50% of all new cases from CA, AZ, TX, FL.   Clearly big 
problems with resurgences very likely related to young people at bars and in big parties 
related to opening, Memorial Day and crowds.   Mostly young people with average 1.5 
decades younger than a couple of months ago.
Governors’ call in Sit Room with VP leading the call.   Clearly, they get it now and are 
worried.   I spoke about making the public health response to vehicle to re-opening as 
opposed to the obstacle to re-opening, i.e. obey guidelines and always use mask and 
physical distancing even when opening.
Gov Ray Cooper (D-NC) called me and spoke for 45 minutes on his dilemma about 
whether to open the Charter Schools that are scheduled to open in 2 weeks, right after 4th 
July.   He was agonizing since he wanted to do the right thing.   Since this is the first 
decision among Governors regarding opening for the Fall term, he feels that he will be 
the example.   He is seeing an uptick of cases and he is near FL and so is worried that if 
he opens, he may have to lose again if he gets surge like FL and TX,  I recommended that 
he delay decision for 2 weeks.   His health officer is Mandy Cohen.
Had important conversation with Pence right before the afternoon task Force meeting.   
I came early and walked up to VP suite and luckily he was sitting in his office with Marc 
Short and ? Natalie.   I told him that I am being blocked from TV and I needed to get on 
TV to give the ‘risk reduction” message and that I would avoid being pitted against him 
or the POTUS merely by not playing that game.   I mentioned the recent interview on 
NPR with Michel Martin where she asked a Fauci versus Pence/Trump question and I 
responded that this was not helpful and I was there as a health official and not to get into 
politics.   Michel gracefully backed down.   I also told him about the dangers of having 
me and others on stage with him when he talks happy i.e. glass half full as opposed to 
glass half empty.   He got it, but still wanted to do press conferences with us.   He did 
promise that he would get me out there on TV since he really liked my message.   First 
time anyone ever spoke that way to VP.  He truly likes me a lot (and vice versa).  Now 
we have to get the POTUS press people to agree.  Interesting intrigue in the White House.  
POTUS people versus VP people.   Katie and Marc are all with me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 230 ---
898
PRESS:   FOX Radio and podcast (National)
June 30, 2020 – Global – 10,000,000/500;   USA – 2,600,000/127,000.   37,000 cases 
yesterday.   Multiple other states (total of 31) are showing increased cases and several 
showing increased hospitalizations.
Testified at the Senate HELP Hearing chaired by Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and 
ranking minority  Patty Murray (D-WS).   Focus was on opening schools, but it became 
free-wheeling.   Elizabeth Warren was her usual muted hostility towards me, probably 
since she is aiming to by Biden’s VP and she wants to she she is tough on administration.   
Also, Rand Paul was his usual self obliquely accusing me of  arrogance and conceit in 
making projections without data.   He referred to my discussing whether Sports could 
open.   Actually my responses won him over and he gave me a big wave and smile when 
he left the hearing room.   Rest of the hearing went very well.   I predicted that if we do 
not do something about the recent surge that the entire country is in danger and we could 
reach 100,000 cases in a single day.   This made NY Times immediately online.  I said 
“Bars are bad news”.   Outdoors better than indoors.
In a speech today, Joe Biden said that if he is elected POTUS one of the first things he 
would do in addressing COVID-19 is to reah out to me and ask me to continue my 
leadership role in this effort and “join his administration”.  Clearly, this will piss off 
Trump and the White House.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 231 ---
899
PRESS:   Much media coverage of the Hearing today.
July 1, 2020 – Global – 10,200,000/504,000;  USA – 2,620,000/128,000.   Most involved 
states now pulling back on opening and closing bars and cancelling events for the 
upcoming 4th July.   Spoke yesterday with Marc Khaly from California (see above).  He 
is going to cancel all crowding activities over the weekend.   He calls me regularly for 
advice.
News reporting that there is now a schism in the White house with Trump, meadows, 
Kayleigh and Hope leaning towards economics and deeply suspicious of me versus the 
VP and his team (Katie, Fevin O’Malley) favoring me and being much  more realistic 
with the VP for the 1st time wearing a mask regularly.   Media speculating that Penceis 
now thinking about his own political future and wants to be on the right side of history.   
My relationship with Pence getting much stronger.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 232 ---
900
Laura Ingaham (FOX) is now spreading conspiracy theory (Huff Post) that I am actually 
“Medical Deep State” and am actually going to be Joe Biden’s running mate:
Laura Ingraham Spews Yet Another 
Wild Conspiracy Theory About Anthony 
Fauci
The Fox News personality called the nation’s top infectious disease expert “Dr. Doom” 
and criticized him for “undermining Trump’s agenda.”
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I reached out to Congressman Joseph Kennedy (D-MA) since we had a garbled 
interchange at the House Hearing last week  and it looked like he was annoyed with me.   
I wanted to set the record straight and develop a relationship with him.   I was good 
friends with great uncle Teddy.   We had a Zoom conversation today for 30 minutes and 
it was terrific.   I believe that this is the beginning of a friendship.   He was very gracious 
on the Zoom.
Had dinner over Jake Tapper and Jen Tapper’s home in DC.   Terrific couple.   
Friendship building.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 233 ---
901
PRESS:  Front page Washington Post story on my statement that we could get 
100,000 cases/day if we do not control the outbreak. NPR – All Things Considered – 
Mary Louise Kelly;  BBC Radio Morning Show
July 2, 2020 – Global   USA
Big problems - >53,000 cases yesterday.   Highest ever for a given day.   I am concerned 
that we might be on “exponential” increase as we enter into the 4th of July weekend.   
POTUS and his people have essentially dropped out and do not even recognize that an 
outbreak is ongoing on.  They are denying all requests for me to appear on any major TV 
programs.
Caputo is a con man who is completely full of shit.   He says he wants me out there on 
TV and yet I am being blocked, very likely by him who knows nothing about public 
health.  He is a close friend on Roger Stone, for goodness sakes!
Got call from Ross (POTUS speechwriter) who wants to include in a speech the 
beneficial effects of remdesivir and dexamethasone in advanced disease and even 
mortality.
Phone Call with Rev. Jesse Jackson, Sr.       
PRESS: BBC The World Radio Program; SiriusXM NFL Radio; Multiple outlets 
quoting things that I said on BBC, Harvard Business Review and other podcasts
July 3, 2020 – Global – 10,5000,000/513,000;  USA – 2,750,000/129,000
More daily record being broken with cases now at 57,500.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 234 ---
902
Caputo (sleezebag) and White House comms playing games with me in that they are not 
allowing me to go out on TV as we enter the 4th July weekend to instruct people on how 
to avoind infection.   They do not respond to multiple requests for me to appear.   I spoke 
yesterday to Judy Woodruff (PBS NewsHour) and Andrea Mitchell (NBC News), bot of 
who want me on their show as does Jim laCosta (CNN).  
Rep. Andy Biggs (R-AZ) and LtGov Dan Patrick (TX) attacking me for what I am saying 
about how to avoid infection.   Dan Patrick denying that TX skipped over checkpoints in 
opening and accused me of lying about this.   I never specifically said they did.   I said 
“some states” skipped over guidelines”  Guilty conscience??  CNN did a fact check and 
called him out as completely incorrect. 
Interesting exchange involving Michael Caputo, me an Alyssa Farah.   Michael is full of 
shit, for sure.   He claims to be trying to ge me on TV saying that the WH is blocking.   
And so   I wrote an e-mail to him with copy to Alyssa today:
Michael:
   I am sorry to disturb you on this holiday weekend, but I feel compelled to 
again reach out to you.   As you are painfully aware, our country is in a very 
serious situation with resurgences of COVID-19 cases in multiple states at 
record levels.   I believe that it is our moral responsibility to get out the 
public health messages about personal and societal responsibility to urge 
people (particularly young people) to protect themselves and others from 
getting infected as we enter the holiday weekend.  Messages from public 
health officials like myself and my colleagues are critical to this effort and 
will save lives.   As you know, I have been asked by virtually every network 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 235 ---
903
and cable outlet to get out there and deliver this potentially life-saving 
message.   Yet every single one of these requests of late, which we re-submit 
every day, has been ignored or denied.   We are missing an opportunity to 
save lives.  Please consider this.
Best regards,
Tony
Alyssa immediately texts me with the following:  “Hey, Dr. Fauci, just 
getting up to speed. WH comms is supportive of you going out, which I’ll 
convey to Caputo.   What programs do you think make sense?   I think it 
would make sense to add you into the Sunday shows and then look at 
network TV next week”.  
I tell her my choices and then she texts back:  “I’ll get with your team and 
lock some of these in.  Apologies for this happeneing again”.  
I had told her that my choice would be Meet the Press. They then tried toget 
me on MTP, but they were already booked up.   
July 4, 2020 -   Global – 11,000,000/525,000    USA – 2,800,000/130,000
Andrea Mitchell called my cell very apologetic about not being able to have me on the 
show since they already booked a couple of governors who were giving exclusives to 
NBC.   I mentioned to her my concern about them keeping me off the air.   She was 
shocked and thought that when I did not come on after requests that it was because I did 
not want to go on a show.
It is clear that Michael Caputo in totally full of shit.   The WH is now saying that they are 
giving the ball back to Pence to decide what happens with COVID-19 and that there will 
be more media appearances from health experts.   We shall see.
Florida had 11,000 cases yesterday.   Everything is surging.
July 5, 2020 – Sunday – Hahn on 2 Sunday Shows.   I am blocked (see above).  Surges 
continue in multiple states with new records every day.   Particularly FL.   In NY Times 
this AM, comment about people in some states, particularly TX (Dan Patrick – Lt. Gov as 
an example) are making me the symbol of what they are tired of.   Theyare saying to hell 
with the outbreak, “we are done with it”, even though people are getting sick and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 236 ---
904
hospitalized.   POTUS had 4th Juy celebration on South Lawn (I and Chris were invited) 
that was crowded and no one wearing masks.   I did not attend.
Not just USA, there are major outbreaks in Brazil, Mexico, Asia (Japan, North Korea, 
etc).  
I have been having several 30 minute deep background conversations with Bob 
Woodward who is writing a book on the Trump response to the outbreak.
Margaret Brennan on “Face the Nation”  came out and explicitly said that the Trump 
administration was blocking my appearing onTV including their show where they 
continually ask for me and have been refused.  
This clearly triggered a response either/or in HHS and the WH because Caputo texted me 
in the afternoon and asked what my priority shows would be for next week.    I said 
NewsHour with Judy Woodruff and Today with Savannah Guthrie.   Savannah would be 
on vacation and so we went with CNN Town Hall with Sanjay Gupta and Anderson 
Cooper.   We shall see what actually happens.
Jennifer Rubin wrote column in Washington Post:
Distinguished person of the week: Fauci 
finally breaks through
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 237 ---
905
Opinion by 
Jennifer Rubin
Columnist
July 5, 2020 at 7:45 a.m. EDT
In Senate testimony and interviews, Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute 
of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, sounded the alarm: We are not winning in the battle 
against the novel coronavirus. Even more important than that was his insistence that we 
all wear masks in public. Consider what he told the Senate Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor and Pensions on Tuesday when Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) asked if 
masks should be given away for free: “There’s no doubt that wearing masks protects 
you,” Fauci said. “Anything that furthers the use of masks, whether it’s giving out free 
masks or any other mechanism, I am thoroughly in favor of.” 
President Trump has been the main impediment to mask-wearing, choosing to turn a vital 
public health measure into a sign of tribal identity. Fauci nevertheless has persisted in his 
message.
This is hardly the first time Fauci has tried to get Americans to adopt the simple, 
lifesaving practice. (“Everybody should wear a mask when out [in] public,” he said in 
June. In late May he told CNN, “I want to protect myself and protect others, and also 
because I want to make it be a symbol for people to see that that’s the kind of thing you 
should be doing.” The advice took on fresh urgency as he warned that the country could 
experience as many as 100,000 new cases a day.
The Post interviewed Fauci and other health experts about wearing masks. He was 
unequivocal. “It dominates everything I do. The only time I don’t wear one is when I am 
alone, when I am home with my wife, or when I am speaking in public — provided there 
is 6 feet between me and the people to whom I am speaking, as was the case when I 
answered questions at the recent congressional hearings.”
Last week the rate of infections spiked past 55,000 in a single day, and suddenly 
Republicans who had pooh-poohed mask-wearing and echoed Trump’s disdain for masks 
were speaking up. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) finally proclaimed, 
“We must have no stigma, none, about wearing masks when we leave our homes and 
come near other people. Wearing simple face coverings is not about protecting ourselves, 
it is about protecting everyone we encounter.” Too bad he didn’t say that months or 
weeks ago — or tell Trump to stop discouraging mask use.
We seemed to reach a tipping point when Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) finally put out a 
statewide order requiring masks. Other states fell into line as the infection and 
hospitalization rate soared. Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey (R) issued a shutdown order and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 238 ---
906
encouraged mask-wearing as the virus threatened to overwhelm his state’s hospital 
capacity. Pennsylvania, Oregon and Kansas also implemented state mandates on mask-
wearing. Even Vice President Pence — who refused to wear a mask when visiting the 
Mayo Clinic in late April — during his visit to Arizona called on Americans to wear 
masks.
If only Republicans had listened to Fauci months ago, the U.S. death count might not be 
roughly 130,000 and the pandemic might not be surging in states where leaders shrugged 
off mask-wearing and prematurely opened. This is, however, a case of better late than 
never.
By successfully cajoling lawmakers and ordinary Americans to wear masks, Fauci will 
save thousands of lives before a vaccine is ready. For his constant efforts, defying and 
ultimately breaking through the deadly fog of the Trump cult, we say, “Well done, Dr. 
Fauci.”
July 6, 2020 – Global    USA
Records continue to be broken in various states.
Did a COVID session virtually at the IAS with Slim Karim and Deb Birx.
Task Force meeting at WH.  VP still focuses on fact that despite the increase in cases, 
the deaths are still down.   I mentioned to him that I did not think that the deaths will ever 
reach the degree (>2000/day) that it was when NYC was surging, but increased cases will 
and are leading to increased hospitalizations.   Wrong Direction.
Washington Post : Coronavirus updates: Seven-day 
average case total in the U.S. sets record 
for 27th straight day
By 
Derek Hawkins, Marisa Iati and Ja        cqueline Dupree
July 5, 2020 at 10:14 p.m. EDT
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 239 ---
907
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 240 ---
908
PRESS:  Profile interview with the Financial Times; Philly Beaumont Radio The 
Times of London; KCBS Radio San Francisco;  Clips of me on CNN
July 7, 2020 – Global -  11,300,000/532,000;  USA – 2,900,000/130,000
Did press briefing via Zoom in Alabama with Sen. Doug Jones (D-AL) – went very well.
Here we go again.   Got call from Francis Collins who got a call from Marc Short who 
said the WH is upset with me because I gave the interview with Sen. Doug Jones (see 
above) and he is a Democratic Senator is a tight race with a Republican and they are 
suspicious that I am favoring the Dems.  BTW, the interview was approved by HHS Leg 
and ASPA.
Caputo called saying that the WH was just going to approve the requests for me to appear 
on NewsHour and CNN, but because I said that relying on decrease deaths to say that all 
is well with COVID-19 is a “false narrative” and we should not be complacent … I said 
this on the Sen. Jones interview.  Now the POTUS is also tweeting that I am wrong on 
this as I have been wrong on many things including masks and closing down travel, 
which is complete bullshit.
PRESS: Interview with Denise Grady of New York Times regarding Moderna 
tension; Corriere della Sera Italina newspaper – Giuseppe Sarcina; ABC News 
FiveThirtyEight Podcast – Anna Rothschild;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 241 ---
909
July 8, 2020 – Global 11,500,000/536,000;  USA – 3,000,000/131,100
TF meeting at the Dept. of Education – I was in Sit Room and not part of the press 
conference that followed.   Purpose of the TF was to push for opening of schools.  Good 
thing that I was not part of the press conference (Deb, VP, Sec. DeVos) since much 
negative public response.  Clearly Trump is pushing to open the schools no matter what.   
There is concern about the safety of the children and teachers.   Yet, Trump together with 
Redfield (being pressured) is saying that the CDC guidelines should not stand in the way 
of opening schools (what???).   Glad that I am not involved in that discussion.
Spent 1 hour on Zoom with Sean Penn and his organization – CORE – coronavirus 
relief.   Great conversation.  They provide testing in various cities and wanted my opinion 
of how they can optimize their impact.   I strongly advised them to focus on a process 
that has an impact and endpoint, not just testing to increase the numbers.   I 
recommended that they work with cities (like LA, Atlanta) that can utilize their efforts to 
actually do effective identification, contact tracing, and isolation.   Sean and his group 
were very grateful for the time that I spent with them.
Tension building up with the press (especially CNN) stressing Trump versus Fauci. 
Trump tweeting negative things about me.  When asked about my comment of “false 
narrayive”, he said I am wrong on a lot of things.  He said that I said not to shut down 
China (this coming from Peter Navarro) (when I actually said to shut it down).  He is also 
saying that I was against masks before I was for them.   Someone is obviously feeding 
him this shit.
Caputo told me that I am being kept off TV (even though they were leaning to approve 
requests) because of my comment about “false narrative” concerning relying on deaths 
going down.
Even some crazy stuff on the Dark Web about Chris saying that she is Ghislaine 
Maxwell’s sister:
The debunking is under way! 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 242 ---
910
PRESS: Wall Street Journal podcast – Kate Linebaugh; Sirius Radio “Doctor 
Radio” – Marc Siegel
July 9, 2020 – Global   USA
>60,000 new cases yesterday!  Things not going in the right direction at all, yet continued 
happy talk from the VP and the White House.   Clearly I am the “skunk at the picnic”.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 243 ---
911
Bob Redfield defending the fact that Trump forced CDC to change guidelines that Trump 
felt was too strict to open the schools.   Bob is losing a lot of credibility.   Trump wants to 
open the schools at all costs.   Clearly he does not care about the safety of the chidren,
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 244 ---
912
PRESS:  Hill TV with Steve Clemons – The Future of Healthcare; Press conference 
at IAS on COVID-19; CNN continues to quote me in opposition to Trump and as 
the ony person telling the truth.
July 10. 2020 – Global – 12,000,000/546,000;    USA – 3,110,000/133,000
Another record day with 68,000 cases.   Approaching my prediction of ~100,000. 
Important meeting with Pence who asked to see for 20 minutes before today’s Task 
Force meeting.   He obviously is concerned over the press making an open conflict 
between me and Trump.  He explained how much respect and affection he had for me.   
He then asked me for advice about how we are doing.   I said that I would be coldly 
honest with him.   He agreed to accept that.   I then told him that he is completely losing 
credibility when we have >60,000 new cases with increased hospitalizations and deaths 
and he starts off at the Pressers saying “We are in a good place”.   I stressed that it would 
be best to establish credibility first by coming out right off and saying we have a big 
problem, but we are trying to address it in the Southern states that are involved as well as 
prevent such resurgences in other states.   Then and only then could he say that we are in 
a better place and shape to respond than we were before.   BUT, you must admit the 
problem first.  He agreed and was clearly grateful that I was open and honest with him.   I 
then told him that 19 years ago in this same room I sat with VP Cheney to discuss the 
Anthrax attacks.  I have a photo of Cheney and me right here   Pence asked where in the 
room I did this with Cheney and where was the picture taken.   He then called in the WH 
photographer and took a photo of exactly where Cheney and I were sitting.   He seemed 
to really enjoy that historic context.   At the end of the TF meeting, he again thanked me 
for his conversation.
Also, Mark Meadows called me and asked that we meet next week to straighten out the 
conflict between me and Trump.   We shall see how that meeting turns out.   I see him on 
Monday.
PRESS:  Podcast with American Dissected; CNN (especially Don Lemon, but also 
several others at CNN) hammering away at the Fauci versus Trump issue.
July 11, 2020 – In USA – 3,300,000 cases and 136,000 deaths.   Numbers still soaring 
with ICU beds filling up in Florida.   
Heard from Washington Post (Jasmeen Abutaleb) that she is writing a big article for 
tomorrow (Sunday) about the conflict between me and the POTUS.   Yikes!   Let us see 
how that turns out.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 245 ---
913
Had call with Marc Ghaly Heath Commissioner from California (Los Angeles) wanting 
advice about how to respond to the surge of cases in California.
July 12, 2020 – Cases still soring.  Florida >13.500 today
Big firestorm over the Post article and the fact that unspecified White House officials 
have compiled a list of things I said that were incorrect.  This is oppositional research 
agsinst one of their own (me).   The blowback has been incredible.   I have been 
contacted by virtusally every reporter (Post. NY Times, mutiple CNN – Sanjay Gupta, 
Jim Sciutto, networks) that I have ever dealt with and they are consistently outraged by 
the disinformation campaign of the WH against me and the attempt to discredit me.   
They all want to help.
I called up Marc Short (whom I trust) to ask his take on this.   He was “embarrassed” 
and disturbed by this action by the White House.   He believes that it could not have 
happened without Mark Meadows’s buy in and approval.   This shows the schism 
between the VP’s people and the POTUS/Meadows people.   Marc was quite disturbed 
that this is going on.
Also, Brett Giroir tried to throw me under the bus on Sunday TV saying that I am not 
always correct – playing into the discrediting scheme.
Sign (below) photo sent to me from Sylvia Burwell.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 246 ---
914
a
PRESS:  Big deal – Front page story in Washington Post: “White House sidelines an 
increasingly candid Fauci” by Yasmeen Abutaleb, Josh Dawsey, and Laurie 
McGingle – much comment about this on the Sunday Shows.
July 13, 2020 – Global   USA
Yesterday Florida had >15,000 infections – most for any state since the beginning
Met with Mark Meadows.   He denies knowing anything about the WH drive to 
discredit me.   This is tough to believe in that multiple nerws outlets (networks and 
Cables0 have been given a list of my “mistakes and errors” directly from the White 
House.   No way that he did nt knw abut it.   Nonethelerss, he said he will make sure that 
it stops.   Too late, they already did the character assassination.
Major, Major show of support for me for multiple and varied sectors.   Most peole 
expressing outrage that the trump administration woud be so bumbling and incompetent 
to try to discredit the most credible scientist in the world.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 247 ---
915
Gave Fireside Chat Podcast for Stanford Univerity MC’d by Lloyd Minor, dean of 
Stanfod Medical School.
Met virtually with Mark Lerner and officials from Washinfgton Nationals to discuss 
potential obstacles to their opening at Nats Stadium on July 23.   I will throw out the first 
pitch.
Another all with Dionne Warwick about COVID-19.   She is advising Biden people.
Chris Cuomo on the top of his show blasts Trump administration regarding trying 
todiscredit me.
Peter Staley blasts Trump regarding me on Anderson Cooper 390 (CNN)
PRESS:  TV and print have flooded the media in support of me and condemnation 
of the Trump administration.
Opinions
Fauci has been an example of 
conscience and courage. Trump 
has been nothing but weak.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 248 ---
916
A sign outside a home in Rockport, Mass., reads "In Fauci We Trust." (Brian 
Snyder/Reuters)
Opinion by 
Michael Gerson
Columnist
July 13, 2020 at 5:09 p.m. EDT
July 14, 2020 -   Global -  12,800,000/568,000;  USA – 3,400,000/136,000
Outbreaks still raging in Florida – records being broken.  >60,000 cases yesterday
Deep state is going more crazy than ever in attacking me as the academic community is 
mobilizing to defend me.   Real crazy.   See below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 249 ---
917
I did a fireside chat online at Georgetown hosted by John Monahan.   It was taken up 
my multiple press including C-SPAN, which then fed into CNN and other networks.   It 
was a good venue for my getting the message out.
Phone call with Alyssa Farah.   She apologized profusely about the “screw up” with her 
junior staff who put out the list of how I got things wrong.  She admits that it only hurts 
the POTUS to disrespect me and question my credibility.  I told her that the White House 
(either Meadows or the POTUS) need to shut up Stephen Moore and stop his publication 
of “Dr. Wrong” paper.   If he does not the entire academic community will dump all over 
the POTUS.
Peter Navarro wrote OpEd in USA Tosday saying everything that I have ever said was 
incorrect.
I went on a Goergetown Fireside chat (see above) and in ashort sentene I said that the 
current outbreak was “comparable to 1918”.   I did not mean in numbers, but for a 
sensitive person, it could mean that I wa predicting 50 million deaths.  Well, tonight 
Francis Collins called me up saying that he just got off the phone with Mark Meadows 
who was screaming at him about what I said.  Mark wanted this “walked back”.  
Clerly Markis vey sensitive about playing down the pandemic because of the ucoming 
election and anything that indictes that this is a big problem drives him nuts.   I got on the 
phone with Mark (he was still very angry), but I calmed him down and said that I would 
clarify this on my next TV appearance.   He then indicated that he really liked me very 
much and respected me and values ou relationship.   I apologized for what happened and 
he accepted the apology.   Just an example of the tension that the pandemic in the context 
of the upcoming election is causing.
PRESS: Trevor Noah https://bit.ly/2CyI0tH ; CNN – see above at Georgetown again 
strongly pitted me against the POTUS regarding a particular statement when I was 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 250 ---
918
asked about “who can we  trust”.   I said “medical and public health experts who 
speak based on science and data and who tell the truth”.   I said “trust me”.    CNN 
took that as strongly implying “do not trust Trump”
July 15, 2020 – Global   USA
Continue record-breaking numbers of cases with increased hospitalizations and now even 
deaths.   
The press are all over the issue of the White House trying to discredit me.   Alyssa Farah 
put out tweet saying that the USA Tody OpEd by Peter Navarro was never cleared or 
approved.
Adm. Michael Mullen, former Chairman Joint Chiefs called me to empathize and 
give me encouragement and support.   Very nice of him since I had never met him.  Very 
nice conversation
The Lincoln Project put out a vewry provocative Fauci versus Trump link:
Lincoln Project ad https://bit.ly/2AYJAEy  
Dan Scavino retweated this cartoon mocking me.   This caused outrage among my 
supporters:
Letter from Congressman Krishnamoorth to AZAR regarding attackes on me: 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 251 ---
919
2020.07.15 Letter 
from Krishnamoorth   
Amazing Day!!   The setting is the extreme tension in the press and in the White House 
about the USA Today OpEd by Peter Navarro and the “list” of my mistakes sent out by 
WH Comms.   On my way by car to the WH for the TF meeting, I received a call from 
the POTUS.  He started off by saying that this tension of me versus him is terrible and 
needs to stop.   He “loves” me and know we have a very special relationship and have 
bonded right from the beginning.   He is furious about the Navarro OpEd and said (as 
Mark Meadows walked into the room and he put me on speaker phone):  “I am going to 
tell Navarro if he says or writes one fucking word against you I am going to kick his 
fucking ass out the fucking door.   Mark, make sure Novarro understands, one more word 
and he is out the fucking door and he won’t come back”.  He then started to talk to me 
about how bad or not things were.   He wanted me to be “positive”.   I took the 
opportunity to say”  “Mr. President, with your permission, can I be absolutely frank with 
you?   We have a problem and we need to own it.  We need to admit that the situation is 
serious, otherwise we completely lose credibility.   We should own the problem and then 
emphasize how we are going to fix it as opposed to denying the problem”.    He was not 
entirely happy with this but said that he understood the point that I was making.   It was a 
very good conversation.   
Then after the TF meeting ended, I got a note from the Sit Room staff that Mark 
Meadows was on the phone from Air Force One and wanted to speak with me.   He had 
seen the interview from The Atlantic and was angry that I had not “walked back” my 
statement about the 1918 pandemic on that interview.   He was again angry and said he 
thought that I agreed that I would walk back the statement today.   I told him I was going 
to wait until tomorrow when I am on the NewsHour with Judy Woodruff.  That was not 
good enough for him.   He wanted it done today.   He was also pissed that I had 
mentioned to the press that we had met and I spoke about the nature of our conversation.  
He was clearly over-reacting since even he admitted the press knew about our meeting, 
but I do not think I said anything else to them except that we had met.
Anyway, on the way back to NIH I called Sanjay Gupta and asked him to quote me 
tonight on his TV hit on CNN and say that I wanted to clarify that on the Georgetown 
interview, I did not mean to imply that COVID-19 would be as bad (50-100 million 
deaths) as was 1918.  Sanjay agreed to do this.   I texted this information back to Mark on 
Air Force One and he replied: “Thanks for getting back with me.  We are going to make 
this work.”
The media is totally buzzing about the tension between me and White House.   
Amazing support for me and blowing off of Navarro and the “list”
PRESS:  The Atlantic Pulse with Ed Yong; Interview with New Yorker Magazine on 
COVID vaccine with Dhruv Khullar;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 252 ---
920
July 16, 2020 – Global    USA     Cases continue to surge.   >67,000 cases yesterday.  
Hospitalizations and deaths going up.
Problem emerging here.  Mark Meadows is starting to be a problem.   He wanted me 
to “walk back” the statement comparing COVID-19 to 1918.   I was planning to do it on 
a schedule appearance on NewsHour today (Thursday).   However, Mark called me 
yesterday and was upset that I did not do it already.   He could not wait 1 day.   I said OK 
and called Sanjay Gupta and asked him to quote me on his show and also  write it on his 
blog that I wanted to clarify.   I thought that he did a good job.   Then this AM I get 
another angry call from Meadows saying the clarification was not strong enough 
(??really).   Then on the phone he went on that I need to back off  with media since this 
cannot be a “Tony Fauci show”.   He did not like the fact that I did an “In Style” piece 
and did not want any more profiles of me.   If that was not enough, he hung up and then 
120 minutes later called and said he read something where I was reported  to say that the 
incubation period was greater than 14 days and wanted me to retract this.   I do not 
remember ever saying that and so he sent me an article where Chuck Todd mentioned 
that I said that.   I pushed back and got angry myself saying that I never said that and so I 
do not know what he wants me to do.  I will try to track down that statement.  I also will 
see if I can state again the 1918 clarification on my Face Book live chat with Mark 
Zuckerberg this evening.   Trouble brewing here.   For the first time, I am seriously 
considering resigning from the Task Force.   I cannot tolerate people following my every 
word.   You know he has staff looking up things about what I have said in the past.
Teleconference with Matt Pottinger and Bob O’Brien to discuss opening the travel 
between USA and Europe.  Right now there are exceptions for travel for business, but not 
for tourism.
PRESS:  Did terrific FaceBook Live with Mark Zuckerberg – 1.8 million viewers;
July 17, 2020 -    Global – 13,400,000/580,000;  USA – 3,600,000/138,000    
Records being broken daily.   Yesterday 74,000 new cases.   Hospitalizations and deaths 
increasing.  
Big issue – Despite all the walking back stuff regarding the 1918 comment, Mark 
meadows in an appearance on FOX News and reported by The Hill, Mark Meadows said 
that my comment was “irresponsible”.   This is really bad.   He is losing control of 
himself with the screaming at Francis and me and the demanding walking back on trivial 
issues like my comment on 1918 and the “non-issue” about the incubation period being 
greater than 12 days (which I never said) and now this comment about “irresponsible”, I 
am thinking about resigning from the Task Force.   I called up Marc Short for advice.   
Mark was on Air Force Two with the VP coming back from Wisconsin and could not 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 253 ---
921
respond but called when he landed at Andrews.   He said that he too is having trouble 
dealing with Meadows who is says can be very difficult.   Mark told me to hang in there 
and not do anything drastic just in response to Meadows.   Short was totally supportive 
and clearly indicated that Meadows was a problem for him also.
Did Chamber of Commerce live podcast – came out very well.
Did Medscape Podcast with Eric Topol and Abraham Verghese
Did WebMD with John Whyte
Concresswoman Maxime Waters called wanting me to directly address millennials.   
Good conversation.
Crazy Michael Caputo says he now has total control of approvals for HHS people for TV, 
but wants a “murder Board” before each appearance since “if we screw up, his job is in 
trouble”.   Total bullshit since the 1st “Murder Board” for Francis (CNN) and me 
(NewsHour) was a joke with his staff who know nothing trying to question Francis and 
me.
Slso, Caputo calls me and says that he is takng over the decision about who goes on TV 
and not the White House.   He wants an organized program of equal distribution among 
the HHS docs.   He sounds delusional.   He is declaring independence from the WH.   
Syas that they will decide Sunday Show, but nothing else.
PRESS: PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff; New York Times article by Michael 
Grynbaum refute Navarro’s USA Today OpEd with title: “Newspaper Says Op-Ed 
Attacking Fauci Was Misleading”;   Many clips on CNN drawing from Chamber of 
Commerce podcast
July 18, 2020 – Global – 13,800,000/594,000;    USA – 3,640,000/139,000.
Cases continue to surge.   News cycle dominated  by reports of conflict between me and 
the Trump insiders (see below)
Petitions from multiple scientific organizations going around to sign on in support of me.
Comm situation becomes even crazier.   Despite Caputo saying that he is now “calling 
the shots and not the White House (see above), Alyssa Farah called me and said that Jake 
Tapper wants me this week and she will put me on for Tuesday.   I explained to her what 
Caputo said and she told me not to pay attention to him since he is a big problem.   She 
even said that it would be better if he stopped tweeting about Roger Stine and 
concentrated on his job, things would work better.   Anyway, I am caught in the middle.   
Let us see how this turns out.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 254 ---
922
PRESS:  Article in New York Times by Mark Leibowich  - “Whats Happening” to 
Dr. Fauci is the Buzz.  – Description of the tension against me and for me;  Long 
article in Washington Post by Philip Rucker, Laurie McGinley, Josh Dawsey and 
Yasmeen Abutaleb “Attacks on Fauci undercut response”.  Also article in CNN blog 
by Vivian Salama, Pamela Brown, Kristen  Holmes and Kate Bennett quite critical 
of Birx for selling out to trump and compatring me and Deb; Also another New York 
Times Article by Giovanni Russonello “Most Americans Put Their Faith in Fauci”; 
Boston Globe by Kevin Cullen: “The Crusader doctor and the non-crusading judge” 
– comparing me from Holy Cross and Chief Justice John Roberts from Harvard – 
cute article
July 19, 2020 (Sunday) -  Continuing surge
Francis Collins on Meet the Press – did well.   They continually ask him if WH has told 
him to fire me.   Francis responded that this is “unimaginable”.   
John Lewis dies of pancreatic cancer
Many societies are writing statements in explicit support of me.   It isvery moving and 
humbling.
Kellyanne Conway called me today saying how angry she was at the unseemly criticism 
of me by some in the White House.  She has spoken to the POTUS about this and he is 
strongly supportive of me
Mark Mradows and I going back and forth regarding his nitpicking every word of mine 
on interviews.   Latest was his concern that I said that NYC did a good job in getting back 
to basline and opening safely.   He says NYC did a terrible job and I should not be setting 
them as an example.   He is incorrect and misunderstood what I was saying.   I meant that 
they went down to baseline and are not opening safely.   WEgo back anad forth and 
finally call a truce.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 255 ---
923
USA Today piece by Gov. Larry Hogan: 
Hogan: Governors like me rely 
on experts for COVID facts. Dr. 
Fauci has never let me down.
As Trump downplayed COVID, Fauci offered clear-eyed views of the 
evidence and what we faced. I shudder to think where our country would be 
without him.
Larry Hogan
Opinion contributor
PRESS:  New York Times article by Michael Shear, Noah Weiland, Eric Lipton, 
Maggie Haberman, and david Sanger entitled “Passing off virus burden, White 
House fueld crisis” – criticizes Deb Birx a lot.   I comme out well;   Major 3 page 
article in Washington Post  by Molly Roberts entitled “Anthony Fauci built a truce. 
Trump is destroying it” – very favorable profile
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 256 ---
924
July 20, 2020 –  Global – 14,000,000/598,000;   USA – 3,800,000/140,200;
• Kentucky, Louisiana, Oregon and South Carolina all set new single-day records 
for new cases on Sunday. Idaho, Nebraska, Iowa and five other states have seen 
their seven-day averages for daily new fatalities rise by more than 40 percent in 
the past week.
• More than 100 Florida hospitals have run out of ICU beds for adults. The state has 
reported more than 10,000 new covid-19 cases on 12 different days in July.
Had call with Bill Gates (usual call every couple of weeks)
Was on Governors’ call from the Situation Room today.   Made comment about the 
importance of the “fundamentals” on 1) masks; 2) close bards; 3) limit restaurant 
occupancy; 4) avoid crowds; 5) personal hygiene – wash hands.
The Nats mask that Iwore to the Hearing is being put into the Cooperstown MLB Hall of 
Fame!
PRESS:  Nice profile on me in Corriere della Sera -  https://bit.ly/2ZIWDU7 ; Slate 
Magazine “What’s Next” podcast; Podcast/Instagram with Maria Schriver
July 21, 2020 – Global – 14,300,000/604,000;  USA – 3,800,000/141,000.
Surge continues in Southern States.   Florida in trouble.
POTUS had press conference on COVID-19 without having me, Deb, or other TF 
members with him
Meadows and now Rand Paul have been actively criticizing me for saying that NYC got 
it right in that after their peak, they brought the infections down and now have few 
hospitalizations and few deaths.   They are incorrect.   See below numbers for NYC:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 257 ---
925
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 258 ---
926
PRESS: NPR Radio – “Morning Edition” Rachel Martin; New York Times interview 
wih Jennifer Senior; Nice article in U.S. News and World Report; CNN with Jake 
Tapper – The Lead; Interview with John Casey of The Advocate
July 22, 2020 – Global   USA
Death threats are ramping up again and so my security with George Adams is coming 
back.   George will take Christine and meto the game tomorrow night and provide 
security.
Had a great  Zoom conversation with Ryan Zimmerman (Zim) who gave me tips on 
throwing out the first ball on Thursday.   He was wonderful.   Very nice man.
Interesting day at the Task Force.   Called the POTUS   I mentioned to the VP that the 
POTUS did a good job on the solo press conference yesterday.   I told VP to tell the 
POTUS that I said so.   The VP told me to call him myself since he has such great respect 
for me.   Katie Miller gave me the phone number of the POTUS’s personal secretary, 
Molly Michael.   I called her and she ultimately (30 minutes later) connected me.   I told 
him it was a good idea (like I had told him last Thursday) to own the problem, admit that 
things are bad and describe how he is going to do something about it.   I also told him 
that it was good that he did it solo and kept it to 30 minutes.   He was very glad to hear 
from me and said it was”a really great call”
Gov. Andrew Cuomo called me asking how I was.  I told him that I was upset that the 
far right was trying to discredit me.   He strongly suggested that I resign; he does not 
seem to appreciate the difference between resigning from TF and resigning from NIAID.   
He said I will lose credibility if I stay and that my legacy needs to be preserved.   He said 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 259 ---
927
if I quit he will make sure that I am hired as an uber-consultant and could do very, very 
well in the private sector.  Sorry, not for me.
Nearly 3,500 Public Health Experts Signal 
Support for Fauci
Current and Former Health Officials, Physicians, and 
Scientific Experts Sign Letter Denouncing White House 
Attacks on NIAID Director
July 22, 2020
ShareThis
Nearly 3,500 of the nation’s leading public health experts are speaking out against White 
House attacks on National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Disease Director Dr. 
Anthony S. Fauci and are calling on President Donald Trump not to sideline science or 
scientists as the country continues to reel from the COVID-19 pandemic. The signers 
include two former Commissioners of the Food and Drug Administration, two former 
directors of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, a former Secretary of the 
Department of Health and Human Services, a former Surgeon General, several leading 
medical journal editors, and hundreds of the nation’s most prominent physicians, 
researchers, and public health experts.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 260 ---
928
The open letter to President Trump was drafted by former FDA Associate Commissioner 
Dr. Peter Lurie, now President of the Center for Science in the Public Interest, and 
epidemiologist and longtime AIDS activist Gregg Gonsalves, now of Yale School of 
Public Health, who began circulating the open letter on Friday evening.
“This week and last, the White House mounted a campaign to discredit one of our 
nation’s leading scientific experts, Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the National 
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, who has advised six Presidents on epidemics 
from HIV to SARS, from Ebola to H1N1 influenza,” the letter reads. “Since the 
beginning of the pandemic, he has remained one of the world’s most trusted scientists on 
COVID-19, daily explaining in lay terms the complexity of an illness we still don’t fully 
understand. And he has done so by placing science front and center in the public 
discourse. Attempting to marginalize highly respected researchers such as Dr. Fauci is a 
dangerous distraction at a time when we most need voices like his.”
In mid-July, the White House circulated a set of talking points criticizing Dr. Fauci to 
journalists, and Trump administration trade advisor Peter Navarro penned an op-ed in 
USA Today claiming that Dr. Fauci was “wrong about everything I have interacted with 
him on.” USA Today retroactively said that Navarro’s op-ed had claims that were 
misleading or lacked context, and thus did not meet the paper’s fact-checking standards. 
Though the White House eventually distanced itself from the Navarro op-ed, Dr. Fauci 
was not invited to participate in yesterday evening’s White House coronavirus briefing, 
the first since April.
Signatories to the open letter include former New England Journal of Medicine Editors 
Dr. Marcia Angell and Dr. Jerome Kassirer; current New York City Health 
Commissioner Dr. Oxiris Barbot and former Commissioner Dr. Mary Bassett; former 
NBC News science and health correspondent Dr. Robert Bazell, now at Yale; American 
Public Health Association President Dr. Georges Benjamin; Dr. Luciana Borio, former 
Director for Medical and Biodefense Preparedness at the National Security Council; New 
York University bioethicist Dr. Arthur Caplan; former US Surgeon General Dr. Joycelyn 
Elders, former HHS Deputy Secretary William Corr, former CDC Director and current 
President and CEO of Resolve to Save Lives Dr. Thomas Frieden; former EPA official 
and current Dean of the Milken Institute School of Public Health at George Washington 
University Dr. Lynn Goldman; former FDA Chief Scientist Jesse Goodman, now with 
Georgetown University; former FDA Commissioners Dr. Margaret Hamburg and Dr. 
Jane Henney; Dr. Shelley Hearne of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public 
Health; The Lancet Editor-in-Chief Dr. Richard Horton; Ruth J. Katz of the Aspen 
Institute and former Dean of the Milken Institute School of Public Health at George 
Washington University; former CDC Director Dr. Jeffrey Koplan of Emory University; 
Yale cardiologist Dr. Harlan Krumholz; former HHS Assistant Secretary Dr. Nicole 
Lurie; Federation of American Scientists President Dr. Ali Nouri; former HHS official 
Dr. Anand Parekh of the Bipartisan Policy Center; former JAMA Deputy Editor Dr. 
Drummond Rennie of the University of California San Francisco; former HHS General 
Counsel William Schultz; former Kansas Governor and HHS Secretary Kathleen 
Sebelius; former FDA Deputy Commissioner and current Vice Dean for Public Health 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 261 ---
929
Practice and Community Engagement at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public 
Health Dr. Joshua Sharfstein; and Editor-in-Chief of the Science family of journals Dr. H. 
Holden Thorp.
“As current and former public health officials, researchers, and public health 
professionals, we call on our political leaders, members of the media and all Americans 
to reject the sidelining of science, to speak out against the silencing of scientists, and to 
champion open and public scientific discussions of the issues facing our country as we 
struggle to make progress against the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic,” the letter continues. “For 
that, we need the clear voices of government experts, including Dr. Fauci, to be available 
to the American public without limitation. That is the only path that can bring success in 
our efforts to control the virus.”
“Science and scientists had been under relentless assault during the Trump administration 
before the COVID-19 pandemic, and that assault has not let up,” said Lurie of the Center 
for Science in the Public Interest. “We must reverse the administration’s hostility to 
science and certain scientists if we’re to deploy the public health measures and develop 
the treatments and vaccines that are our only hope for bringing the pandemic under 
control.”
“We have so much work to do to end the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic in the United States. 
We’ve seen too much death, too much economic devastation already. Public health and 
science offer us a way out, a way to vanquish this virus. But to do that we have to 
embrace the best science and scientists this country has to offer, not denigrate the very 
expertise that is vital to our survival at this moment,” said Gonsalves of Yale School of 
Public Health.
Topic: 
COVID-19 Integrity In Science Anthony Fauci
Contact Info: 
Contact Jeff Cronin (jcronin[at]cspinet.org) or Richard Adcock (radcock[at]cspinet.org).
Telephone call with Marc Ghaly fro CA again asking for advice on how to control the 
surge in CA.   A problem is that even when you close the bars, people have backyard 
barbecues that are as bad as bars.   He is also concerne about the upcoming harvest 
season with migant workers.   75% ofinfection are among LatinX
PRESS:  Randy Rainbow Pleads for Dr. Fauci's Help to 'Gee, Officer Krupke' 
https://bit.ly/3jtogIN;   
July 23, 2020 – Global  - 14,800,000/612,000;   USA – 3,950,000/143,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 262 ---
930
Uneventful day with usual NIH meetings.  Did not go down to White House.   Getting 
nervous about throwing out the first ball at Nats stadium tonight in the Opening Day 
ceremony of Nats versus Yankees game.
Amazing night at NATS Stradium where I threw out the first pitch to open the 2020 
Baseball season with Nats – NY Yankees game.   Unfortunately, I threw a “bouncer” to 
the right of the plate.   I felt really badly but the overwhelming public reaction to it was 
sympathetic and positive.   Mark Lerner (owner of Nats) had me sign dozens of baseballs 
to be given out to people and one that will go into the Baseball Hall of Fame together 
with  2 Louisville Slugger bats. I signed a Nats Jersey that will hang on the wall in Nats 
stadium next to a similar shirt signed by President Obama.   Game got rained out in the 
6th inning and we went home.   Yankees were leading 4-1.
PRESS: Interviewed with David Axelrod for “The Axe Files” podcast; Wall Street 
Journal Article on AIDS activism; 
July 24, 2020 – Global – 15,000,000/619,000;    USA – 4,020,000/144,000
Routine day.   Went for my “annual” physical with Ted Li.   All is well.
PRESS:   FOX News with John Roberts; On front page picture of me glove tapping 
with Sean Doolittle; Podcast with CSIS (Steve Morrison); Interview with Ben Cohen 
of Wall Street Journal;  podcast with Khan Academy; WINS NYC Radio;
July 25, 2020 – Global     USA
Texas now have to triage who gets into intensieve and who does not (too far gone and/or 
too old.   Very difficult situation.   California takes over from NY as state with the most 
cases.  Florida still surging.
Deaths in the USA up to 1000/day for 4th day in a row.
They have created a baseball card with a photo of me throwing out the first pitch.
Judy Mikovits is planning to be on conspiracy TV shows via Sinclair news network 
saying that Fauci created the coronavirus in China and brought it to the USA
Over the past week POTUS has done 3 press conferences alone.   I have commented to 
the press that I think that this is good since he is now giving a sober message that things 
will get worse before they get better and that people should wear masks and avoid 
crowds.   He has cancelled the GOP Convention in Jacksonville Florida.   I commented 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 263 ---
931
that I liked the fact that the pressers were short and concise.   CNN sarcastically 
commented that I really giving a vailed criticism of his prior pressers.
July 26, 2020 (Sunday) – 5th Day in a row for 1000 deaths/day.   Brett Giroir on Tapper 
(State of the Union) talking bullshit about testing with Jake pressing him.   I gave Jake 
some questions to ask him.   Mark Meadows on This Week with George Stephanopoulos 
saying that public health measures are not working and we will have to rely on 
interventions such as vaccines and therapeutics.   This is his way of backing out of a 
failure and trying to get an “October Surprise”.   Heads up for him trying to push an early 
approval of vaccine or even influencing the decision about convalescent sera, which 
actually do not look too good right now.
Spent better part of yesterday and this AM working out the tension between the COVPN 
sites, Larry Corey and Moderna.   Larry acting out since he is angry that Moderna and 
perhaps AstraZeneca  are going with CROs instead of the COVPN sites.   Larry 
understandably feels left out and disrespected.   He has a point but he is poisoning the 
relationship with the companies, which is a bad idea since like it or not, we (Operation 
Warp Speed – OWS) allowed the company instead of NIH to hold the IND and so it is 
their trial.   Larry hostility spilled over to the site PIs and they leaked to the press 
disparaging things about Moderna, which set off a media pickup, etc.   I called Larry, 
then set up a Zoom yesterday with Moncef Slaoui, Matt Herpburn, John Macola to figure 
out how to fix this.  I volunteered to convince Larry that he is inadvertently becoming the 
“problem”.   Zoom call today with Larry and the above 4 to come to some sort of 
understanding:   Larry and COVPNs would not be left out of the action, but Larry must 
stop criticizing the Company.   Tomorrow we have Zoom with all of us + the COVPN 
PIs.
Jake Tapper woke me up at 11:23 AM (I went to bed early) furius at POTUS for tweeting 
about the fact that Jake severly questioned Brett Giroir on SOTU CNN show today.   Jake 
was really pissed at the craziness of it all.
July 27, 2020 – Global – 15,800,000/640,000;    USA – 4,200,000/147,000
Today is launching of Phase 3 trial of Moderna mRNA-1273.   First patient received 
the vaccine in Savannah Georgia at 6:45 AM.   Fastest ever in the USA from sequence to 
phase 1 and fro sequence to now phase 3
We had in Building 1 a virtual press conference at 10:00 AM with me, Francis Collins, 
Matt Hepburn, and Stefan Bancel announcing the start of the Phase 1 trial.
Met with the POTUS in the Oval Office today briefing him (with Azar, Collins, Gen. 
Perna, Moncef, Jared Kushner) about therapeutics and vaccines.   He was typical stream 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 264 ---
932
of consciousness and rambling on.   It is clear he wants therapeutics quickly.   He 
accepted that the vaccine might not be ready before the election, but he was not happy 
about it.   He kept pushing about when therapy would be ready.   Francis and I were 
surprised when some of the WH staff sitting behind us told him that the convalescent 
plasma data looked real good and we would have definitive results tomorrow.   Had no 
idea what they were talking about since we know that the plasma data are a mess and we 
are bringing in statisticians (independent) to look at the data.
The baseball card of my opening day pitch by Todd has broken the all time record for 
sales with 51,512 print sales in just 24 hours.   Craziness continues.
Threats against me are increasing greatly and so George Adams and my “modified” 
security  detail is back
PRESS:  Press conference re: start of Moderna vaccine trial (mRNA-1273); did 
Face Book Live with Francis Collins and Steve Hoge on the Moderna phase 3 trial; 
CNN Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer; FOX News with John Roberts.
July 28, 2020 -  Global   USA
On GMA, George Stephanopoulos brought up that the POTUS has retweeted a tweet 
from a Breitbart based group that said that I was misleading the American public and 
thsat I was a fraud.  George asked me to respond and I blew it off saying that I do not 
tweet or even read tweets.   After the interview, George texted me saying: “Thank you, 
Tony.  So impressive”.   The POTUS is playing a weird game of acting Okay with me in 
person and saying that our relationship is fine to the press and then retweeting stuff that 
attacks me.   He is a very strange guy.
Task Force meeting today.   Continued surge in Florida.   Threats now to yellow states of 
Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, and others sine they are seeing increases in percent positives of 
their tests.
PRESS:   Good Morning America – ABC with George Stephanopoulos; Black 
Entertainment TV – Marc Lamont Hill; Wired print interview with Steven Levy; 
AP Website TV – Mike Stobbe;  Fireside Chat – American Federation of Teachers – 
FaceBook Live
July 29, 2020 – 
Trump bemoaned to the press at a press conference yesterday that my approval ratings 
were better than his. And he did not understand why.  Amazing!!   He really stepped in it 
yesterday when he endorsed a group of whacko doctors who said that 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 265 ---
933
Hydroxychloroquine cures COVID-19.  Woman (African) doctor named Stella Immanuel 
who beiieves in alien DNA and demon sperm said you do not need masks and HC cures 
COVID-19.   Trump not resally knowing much about her, endorses her because she 
pushed HC.   Don Lemon (CNN) on his show last night crucified Trump for this.
Again the narrative continues of me versus Trump.  CNN and the media in general are 
having a field day with this and hammering Trump.
Met with group of “Doctors” (Deb, Seema, Brett, Bob) in a new format led by Adam 
Boehler and Brad Smith + Morgan Ortagus (Comms) to tighten up policy
Tucker Carlson calls Anthony Fauci a 
“hypocritical buffoon”
Carlson: “Criticize Fauci, and you will disappear from the internet”
W R I T T E N  B Y  M E D I A  M A T T E R S  S T A F F
P U B L I S H E D  0 7 / 2 8 / 2 0  8 : 4 7  P M  E D T
S H A R E
•
•
•
•
C O M M E N T
•
PRESS:  BBC Radio News; ESPN podcast with Pablo Torre; BBC/PBS World News 
TV with Katy Kay; MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell; 4 local TV stations – 
Telemundo; Univision; 2 others
July 30, 2020 – Global – 16,600,000/565,000; USA – 4,400,000/151,000
Participated in a “Call to Action to Donate” ceremony at the American Red Cross 
Headquarters.   Did tour with Azar and the POTUS and visited with a person giving 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 266 ---
934
blood.   Then had roundtable with POTUS, Azar Hahn, Adams, Collins, Birx. Adam 
Schechter of Quest, Gail McGovernPres and CEO of ARC.
Had phone conversation with Ted and Annette Lerner (Owners of Washington 
Nationals).   They wanted to thank me for all that I am doing for the country and to wish 
me well.   Promised that we will be seating together at a nationals game.
PRESS:   Press briefing associated with visit to Red Cross; Black Press USA 
Fireside Chat Face Book Live; CNN Town Hall with Sanjat Gupta and Anderson 
Cooper
July 31, 2020 –  
Still >1000 deaths per day.  Slight flatteningin AZ, but other states still surging.   Yellow 
states starting to increase.
Red states - >10% positive; Yellow states – 5 to 10% positive; Green states - <5% 
positive
House Hearing today – Select Subcommittee on COVID-19 – Chair – James Clyburn – 
Rayburn-2154,   Major clash with Jim Jordan (R-OH).   Go to You Tube to see.  I believe 
that I made him look silly.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 267 ---
935
Important call form Larry Horowitz who works closely with nancy Pelosi.  
Apparently, There was a meeting in the WH with Steve Mnuchin, Mark Meadows, 
Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schummer.   Steve and Mark told Nancy and Chuck that 
AstraZeneca  will have vaccine in September and that it will be given an EUA.  Theyare 
talking about the ChADOX vaccine that Adrian Hill is testing in Brazil and South Africa,   
It is a 10,000 person trial.  Apparently, Peter Marks does not know anything about this 
and Larry just informed him.   Bottom line is that they are going to pressure Steve Han 
(who likely will cave in in the idea of an EUA) to issue one even though Peter has serius 
issues with this.   An EUA will likely get in the way of completing the RCTs that are 
going on.  Clearly. This is politically driven and will be a ploy for Trump to get re-
elected.
PRESS:   Much coverage on CNN of my encounter and confrontation with Jim 
Jordan.   CNN Jim Sciuttto, Don Lemon and Chris Cuomo dumped all over Jordan.
August 1, 2020 -    Global – 17,400,000/675,000;  USA – 4,500,000/153,000
Uneventful Saturday.   Southern states still surging; >1000 deaths yesterday.   The new 
approach of jumping on the mostly yellow states that are starting to show a slight 
increase in  percent positive is referred toas the “embers approach”
Had conversation with Ian Lipkin.   Ian is responsible for the medical/public health 
aspects of the Democratic Convention in Milwaukee.  He called me to go over all the 
things he has put into place – masks, testing everyone, airflow, limit numbers, physical 
distance, etc. – to ask if he has missed anything.   Seems he has done all he can do.  The 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 268 ---
936
decision to hold the convention or not is up to the politicians.   Since they have decided to 
go with it, Ian has done his job in making it as safe as possible.
PRESS: Usual CNN pitting me against the POTUS
August 2, 2020 (Sunday) – Global – 17,700,000/681,000;  USA – 4,600,000/154,000.
I was not on any Sunday shows despite requests for from them.   Brett Giroir on Meet the 
Press and Deb on SOTU.
POTUS continues to tweet that I am incorrect in what I am saying.   He rejects that I say 
that the USA only shut down by 50+% while EU shut down by 90% and then goes on 
with the non-sequitur that we have more cases BECAUSE we are testing more.   The 
press in blasting him for supporting the wild woman Stella Immanuel.
August 3, 2020 – Global   USA
Far right and FOX News continuing to attack me.  Tucker Carlson calling me a “Fraud” 
and a “hypocritical buffoon”.
Fireside Chat  with Dartmouth Medical School faculty.
PRESS:   Local TV – KDFW-TV – Dallas; KABC-TV – LA; KSNV-TV – Las 
Vegas; WTVJ-TV – Miami; KTLA-TV – Los Angeles; WGN-TV- Chicago; KGTV-
TV – San Diego; Voice of America TV with Greta Van Sustern; JAMA Podcast with 
Howard Bauchner; US News and World Report (Brian Kelly interview); Face Time 
Live Press conference with Gov. Lamont (D-CT)
August 4, 2020 – Global  - 18,000,000/688;  USA – 4,700,000/155,000
Amazing Day – We were supposed to have a routine TF meeting today.   We were 
waiting in the Sit Room for a 3:00 PM start and the VP was late at 3:15 PM.   Marc Short 
then came in and said that the POTUS wanted some of us ogo to the Oval Office.   We 
we got there, the entire senior staff was there (everyone).  The VP sat the following 
around the Resolute Desk – me, Deb, Redfield, Giroir, Azar.   The POTUS then started 
eyeing and throwing around the Fuck word:   “What the fuck are you people doing?   Deb 
you are saying that the pandemic is now in the rural areas.   First the cities, now the rural 
areas.   Where is it now.   I am saying we have it under control and you say it is 
everywhere.   Tony, you are always contradicting me.  Giroir, you say HC does not work 
(he said this on SOTU on Sunday).   I took it and many good doctors swear by it.The whs 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 269 ---
937
fucking message.   You need to be positive”.   Then he started raving that we are seeing 
more cases only because we are doing more testing.   The other countries look good 
because thery are not testing. At that point, Kellyanne Conway took over and made the 
point that we can say what we feel is correct, but if it contradicts the pOTUS, they need 
to hear about it in the Oval or Sit Rooms and not hear about it for the first time on TV.   
Everyone remained silent.   At that point I gifures enough is enough.   I said:  “Okay Mr. 
president.   We are now in the Oval office and so you need to hear it diretly from me.   
Increased testing does not cause cases.   When you increase testing you will of cours pick 
up asynptomatics whm you might otherwise not notice.   However, when you have 
increased percent positives and increased hospitalization, and increased deaths, that 
means that there are truly more cases.  He then changed the subject and started talking 
about the fact that deaths are down.   After I broke the ice, then Deb, Redfield, and Giroir 
chipped in.   All in all it was a manifestation that he is desparate and still does not 
understand the pandemic.   Very interesting encounter.
After that we went to the Doctors Huddle with Brad Smith and Adam Boehler to talk 
about tesing and schools.   More later.
PRESS:
   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 270 ---
938
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 271 ---
1
Historical Record of A. S. Fauci – Part 2
August 5, 2020 – Global – 18,100,000/692,000;   USA – 4,750,000/156,000.
Met with POTUS yesterday in Oval (see part 1).   Photo below:
Had Peter Navarro discuss HC with NIH Guidelines Panel.   He was his typical 
arrogant self and rejected RCTs as being flawed and stuck with the observational 
studies.  He maintained: “I am wrong, no one is harmed, if you are wrong, 
thousands of people die”.   He denies that HC can have any deleterious effects.   
His partner on the call was Mark Hatfill (Yikes!)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 272 ---
2
PRESS: Did The Forum at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health – 
“When Public Health Means Business” with Sanjay Gupta moderating – 
carried live by CNN; Bloomberg TV – David Westin; Brain Pop TV; Politico 
podcast – Dan Diamond; Reuters TV; Interview with Walter Isaacson on 
Amanpour and Company TV
August 6, 2020 –  Global – 18,400,000/698,000;   USA – 4,800,000/158,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 273 ---
3
Got semi-agitated call from Mark Meadows at around 7:45 AM saying that he 
is going to keep me off all TV until we sit down and talk.   He admits that I am 
probably being misquoted, but the press is pitting me against the POTUS.   They 
are trying to drive a wedge between us.   My interview with CNN this AM was 
terrific, and when I saw that it was Mark who was calling I thought that he was 
calling to tell me that the CNN interview was great.   Apparently, I had said 
yesterday that the virus would not be “eradicated”, which is true (only smallpox).  
This is against what the POTUS said.   I explained this to Mark and he seemed to 
understand that I was saying that it could not be eradicated, but I emphasized that it 
could be controlled.   I suggested that he watch the CNN interview.   He stated that 
the POTUS has a great deal of affection for me and he does not want to see a rift.   
He said he would watch CNN New Day and get back to me.  I may be off TV for a 
while.
Call from Sen. Pat Toomey (R-PA) asking about a few things.   Is it a good idea 
to widely test for antibodies in PA to determine penetrance of infection?   I told 
him yes.   Also, questions about use of saliva POC tests.   Good conversation.
Discussion with Don Milton and Kimberly Prather on aerosols.   They are particle 
and aerosol physicists and it is clear that particles larger than 5 um can aerosol 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 274 ---
4
including those up to 50 or 100um.  Important implications for masks and indoor 
ventilation and physical distancing.
Did a briefing with Qs and As to the Congressional Asian Pacific American 
Caucus (CAPAC) led by Rep. Judy Chu and including Mazie Hirono, Grace Meng, 
Bobby Scott, Tulsi Gabbard, Brad Sherman, Susan Davis, Mark Takano.   Went 
very well.
PRESS:  WVLK Lexington, KY Morning News Radio; CNN New Day with 
John Berman; Bloomberg News on Vaccine hesitancy – Anna Edney
August 7, 2020 – Global -    USA
Made rounds again today (felt really good) – saw Mr. Davis (HIV, IRIS, Steroids 
and Ramsey-Hunt Syndrome);  Also saw Sharon Rockefeller in for Steve Holland 
and will get removal of rectal stump that is chronically infected with fistula due to 
radiation.
OWS Weekly Call – All 6 companies now have advanced purchase agreements.  
Also, Pfizer still not giving any information even though they have adv. Purchase 
agreement.   This is unacceptable and they need to be blasted in my memoir.   
Also, we are averaging 800 enrollments/day in the Moderna trial:
2020-08-07 OWS 
board briefing Vx &   
Call from Larry Horowitz (works with Nancy Pelosi) (should have described above).   He had 
warned me a few days ago about Meadows trying to pressure Hahn and Marks to grant UA (or 
even BLA) prematurely to vaccines (likely AZ) in time for the election.   I called Peter Marks a 
couple of days ago (together with Collins and Lane) and explained that we would back him if he 
holds the line.   He called the AZ package “a hot mess’ and definitely not in shape for an EUA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 275 ---
5
Plasma drive on Times Square
Did Fireside Chat (virtual) at Brown University with Ashish Jha (new Dean at Brown School of 
Public Health) - 
PRESS: Face Book Live – Brown Fireside Chat (see above)
August 8,2020 – Global – 19,200,000/716,000;  USA – 4,900,000/160,200.
POTUS acting even more erratically.   Keeps insisting that increased case numbers 
are due only to increased testing, ignoring the increases in percent positive, 
hospitalizations and deaths (>1000/day).
Inconsistent message to me whether they want me on TV.   David Muir (ABC 
World News Tonight) requested me and we accepted and thought that it was 
cleared and then silence.  Same for NBC Morning News with Savannah Guthrie.   
And so, I decided to call Alyssa Farah and straighten things out.   She was her 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 276 ---
6
usual wonderful self when I explained that I needed to know where I stood with the 
WH and being on TV.   She said that she would want me on every day and every 
night.   However, the POTUS keeps saying that the Doctors are contradicting him 
and he is very impulsive and so when he sees or hears about a contradiction he 
blows up and says either Birx should not be on TV or Fauci should not be on TV.  
Comms people obey and then after a couple of days, they know that he calms 
down and even forgets and they then get me and Deb back on the air.   Alyssa also 
said that Kayleigh McEnany reminds him that I have an 80%  approval rating and 
it is not a good idea to keep me off TV.   They want me on TV, but they have to 
play to POTUS and Mark Meadows impulsive and mercurial behavior.  Interesting 
call. 
  
PRESS:   Appeared in Washington Post:
As Fauci battles the pandemic and politics, 
his grateful neighbors celebrate him as a 
hero
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 277 ---
7
Ida Bergstrom and her sons Lars, 11, left, and Nils, 14, are selling yard signs to show support for 
Anthony S. Fauci, who is the nation's top infectious-disease expert and one of their neighbors. 
(Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post) 
By 
Marisa Iati
Spoke with Dr. Patrizia Cavazzoni (Deputy Director and Acting Director of 
CDER/FDA.   She is Acting for Janet Woodcock who is now at OWS.  Larry 
Horowitz (see above) who warned me about Meadows pressuring Hahn and 
ultimately Marks to give EUA or even BLA prematurely to vaccines (likely AZ), 
also said that Patrizia needed some support because Henry Ford hospital has put in 
for a re-issue of the EUA for Hydroxychloroquine (previously removed by the 
FDA), being pushed by Peter Navarro to do so.   Patrizia had just reviewed all the 
data (including the Henry Ford data – observational study with many confounders) 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 278 ---
8
and feels strongly that no EUA is justified.   She wrote it up and will officially 
submit it and make it oubic.   HOWEVER, she was told by Steve Hahn to wait 
until Monday (today) so that he can “speak with Meadows”.   Question is whether 
Steve merely wants to inform Meadows out of courtesy, or he might cave to 
meadows.   We shall see.  Patrizia is OK.   She will stay strong.
August 9, 2020 – Global – 19,500,000/722,000; USA – 5,000,000/161,000
Birx gets compared with me in a Guardian article: 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 279 ---
9
Dr Deborah Birx: voice of scientific reason 
or apologist for Trump?
The coordinator of the White House coronavirus taskforce built her reputation fighting Aids but 
is she compromising it by indulging the president’s whims?
Dr Deborah Birx speaks during a meeting in the Oval Office with Trump. Photograph: 
Rex/Shutterstock
Tom McCarthy
@TeeMcSee
Published on Sun 9 Aug 2020 05.00 EDT
Months of frustration with Donald Trump’s denial of the coronavirus crisis in the United States 
boiled over last week when the Democratic House speaker, Nancy Pelosi, publicly attacked a 
top member of Trump’s coronavirus team, Dr Deborah Birx, for standing by the US president 
despite his record of lies and misinformation about the virus.
Her position contrasts sharply with Dr Anthony Fauci, her former supervisor and current 
scientific peer on the White House coronavirus taskforce, who has clashed more frequently 
with Trump – but has if anything risen in the public estimation for doing so.
The question for Birx is whether, after the current health emergency is past, she will be 
remembered as a Fauci-like figure who was able to work with Trump without becoming 
personally compromised – or as something else.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 280 ---
10
We know sooner or later that when EU opens up, there cases will go up if they are 
not careful, and some of them are not careful:
From an American Artist in Paris”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 281 ---
11
Whether or not to open schools has been a major topic of discussion as we 
approach the school opening timetable.   I have been saying consistent that we 
should have as a default position our attempt/intention to open schools because of 
the psychological effects on children and in some areas, the dependence on schools 
for breakfast and lunch.   Also, the potential deleterious downstream effects on 
working parents.   HOWEVER, the primary consideration must be the health, 
safety and welfare of the children and the teachers, and the potential spreading to 
others (i.e. family members).   I have stated that one size does not fit all and 
decisions should be based on the level of infection in the community:
PRESS:  Front page article in Washington Post blasts Meadows and Trump 
for ignoring me and Birx and carefully monitoring everything that I say in 
order to keep us on message and when we do not, they do not approve 
requests for interviews.   Glad that the sources were many and so they do not 
think that I leaked.
August 10, 2020 – 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 282 ---
12
Important NBC print article (blog) about the difference between Birx and me:
Trump calls Birx's COVID-19 warnings 
pathetic — but the real test is what she 
does next
Doctors like Fauci and Birx find themselves in an unenviable position, as do so many employed 
by the Trump administration. But given our national crisis, there is little room for excuses.
Dr. Deborah Birx, the White House coronavirus response coordinator, arrives for a coronavirus 
task force briefing in the Rose Garden at the White House on April 27.Jabin Botsford / The 
Washington Post via Getty Images file
Aug. 10, 2020, 4:30 AM EDT
By Jalal Baig, oncologist
Dr. Anthony Fauci is, by now, a household name. But the good doctor's mostly unalloyed 
advocacy of scientific and public health truths has come with clear political and personal costs.
As the coronavirus has spread, Birx has hewed much closer to the White House’s often-
problematic pandemic script.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 283 ---
13
There are constant rumblings of Fauci's firing by President Donald Trump, who excoriates him 
regularly for committing "a lot of mistakes." In addition, the director of the National Institute of 
Allergy and Infectious Diseases has drawn the ire and ridicule of lawmakers like Sen. Rand Paul, 
R-Ky., and Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, for opining on matters deemed to be beyond his preserve. 
Most bloodcurdling are the "serious threats" that have been made against him and his family.
Fauci's counterpart on the White House coronavirus task force, Dr. Deborah Birx, the response 
coordinator, is in a different position. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi called Birx "the worst" in a 
closed-door meeting with members of the Trump administration at the end of July. Then during 
a follow-up appearance on ABC's "This Week" on Aug. 2, Pelosi accused the official of enabling 
Trump's spread of coronavirus misinformation.
These concerns are not unfounded. As the coronavirus has spread from raging fires in scattered 
epicenters to a national inferno, Birx has hewed much closer to the White House's often-
problematic pandemic script. For months, she stayed publicly mum in the face of Trump's 
politicized and patently false claims about the contagion, occasionally gushing about his 
nuanced appreciation for science.
Yet, when Birx finally countered some of Trump's conspiracy theories and half-truths this 
month, she predictably found herself in his crosshairs.
She stated the obvious last week, describing infections as "extraordinarily 
widespread"throughout the nation. This irked Trump, who accused Birx of taking "the bait" 
from Pelosi and attacking the administration's response.
Birx, a colonel in the Army who serves at the pleasure of the president, highlights the 
metamorphosis that seemingly competent and objective individuals undergo inside Trump's 
White House. As 
David Smith wrote in the Guardian, "Like other White House officials before 
her, she is said to be sacrificing a hard-won professional reputation at the altar of Trump's 
vanity."
Now, as America enters a new, critical coronavirus phase, Birx finds herself at a fork in the 
pandemic road. Will she continue to walk the line between truth and the politicized "truth" 
Trump desires to hear? Or will she opt to clearly put her medical oath over job security?
August would be an ideal time for Birx to grow a spine. With the protracted first wave of the 
virus inching closer to the dreaded fall and with schools now reopening, the country remains all 
but rudderless in its response to the coronavirus pandemic. After the federal government 
abdicated its role to helm a coordinated response, 50 states scrambled to cobble together 50 
different plans.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 284 ---
14
Trump, meanwhile, has continued with his dangerous musings on the virus. As physician Dhruv 
Khullar observed in the New Yorker, "The work of saving lives has been complicated by 
misinformation, rhetoric, and political calculation." Apart from hismuddled messaging on 
masks, Trump has said COVID-19 would just "disappear," promoted hydroxychloroquine as a 
safe and effective treatment, ascribed increased cases merely to testing and pronounced 99 
percent of coronavirus cases to be "totally harmless." He has also continued to peddle his belief 
that kids are "virtually immune" from the virus "and we have to open our schools."
Doctors like Fauci and Birx find themselves in an unenviable position, as do so many employed 
by the Trump administration. They have been tasked with speaking uncomfortable and 
inconvenient truths to those in power. But given the current asphyxiation of scientific and 
public health expertise in Washington, there is little room for excuses.
Birx established her profile as a physician-scientist of great repute through work on HIV and 
AIDS since the 1980s. Nowadays, Birx works closely with Vice President Mike Pence, who refers 
to her as his "right arm." With an office located near the Situation Room, she has become a cog 
in the president's team.
Unfortunately, instead of serving as a firewall in the West Wing against Trump's medical 
disinformation, Birx has too often been obsequious.
In an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network in March, she praised Trump's ability 
to assimilate data and science: "He's been so attentive to the scientific literature and the details 
and the data," she said, Vox reported. "I think his ability to analyze and integrate data that 
comes out of his long history in business has really been a real benefit during these discussions 
about medical issues." In April, she remained mum and unmoved when the president turned to 
her and hypothesized aloud about using disinfectant as a coronavirus treatment.
That same month, her rosy outlook on the country's outbreak provided Trump the scientific 
data he needed to push forward with his plans to reopen the country economically after an 
extensive lockdown. As the New York Times reported in July, "Dr. Birx was the chief evangelist 
for the idea that the threat from the virus was fading." Her fervor was based on her erroneous 
assumption that America's trajectory would resemble Italy's and that infections and deaths 
would crater after reaching a peak in mid-April.
Given the president's stance on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and school 
reopenings, it is unnerving that Birx has worked to strip the organization of potentially vital 
coronavirus patient data. She has also worked to create more pliable guidelines for schools, 
despite the concerns of many medial professionals.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 285 ---
15
The suddenly beleaguered Birx is not without allies, however. Even as Trump turned on her, the 
New York Times reported that others have spoken out in her defense, including Kentucky Gov. 
Andy Beshear and Gov. Tate Reeves of Mississippi. Dr. Carlos del Rio, an infectious disease 
specialist who helms the scientific advisory board for a State Department AIDS program Birx 
runs, told the New York Times it was Birx who convinced Pence to appear publicly wearing a 
mask, weeks before Trump relented. In the past, even Anthony Fauci has noted that Birx finds 
herself "in a difficult position" and that she "essentially lives in the White House."
A difficult position indeed. But as Fauci told Politico, "You should never destroy your own 
credibility. And you don't want to go to war with a president."
"But you got to walk the fine balance of making sure continue to tell the truth," he said.
Ultimately, the looming loss of more American lives as summer turns to fall should give 
Deborah Birx pause. At a moment when science and public health have been criminally 
devalued, fidelity to Trump — and yes, perhaps her future career prospects — should be 
superseded by a simple promise she made many years back as a medical student to "first, do no 
harm."
Jalal Baig
Dr. Jalal Baig is a physician and writer. He is an oncologist in Chicago. His work has appeared in 
The Washington Post, The Guardian, The Atlantic, Slate, Vice, Salon and elsewhere.
Had productive talk with particle and aerosol physicists from DHS who confirmed the fact that 
particles >5 micrometers  do aerosolize.   Leader of group was Matthew nMoe.   His people 
were Paul Dabisch, Michael Hevey, Justin Taylor, and Marcia Firmani.   Andrea Lerner was with 
me on the call.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 286 ---
16
Patrizia Cavazonni stood by her guns and Steve Hahn did not over-rule her 
regarding the EUA or Hydroxycholoquine
PRESS:  ABC TV – David Muir – ABC World News Tonight;
August 11, 2020 – Global    USA
Very serious e-mail from Deb Birx this AM and my response to her:
Deb:
   I am totally with you.  I will, and I trust we all will, continue to give the 
message that we have been giving.   This is an historic pandemic and it 
is our responsibility to do everything we can to contain, control and 
eliminate it.   We cannot just let the virus do its thing since people will 
die.   Children get infected and some of them get very sick and they 
almost certainly play a role in the community spread.  W e should hold 
strong on this.   Perhaps we can still be value-added, but we need to 
discuss that if the POTUS is following Atlas’s advice and not ours, then 
what are we doing there?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 287 ---
17
Best,
Tony
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain 
sensitive information.  It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended 
recipient.  If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it 
from your mailbox or any other storage devices.  The National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the 
sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its 
representatives.  
From: Birx, Deborah L. EOP/NSC <Deborah.L.Birx@nsc.eop.gov> 
Sent: Tuesday, August 11, 2020 6:59 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>; Redfield, Robert R. (CDC/OD) 
<olx1@cdc.gov>; Hahn, Stephen <SH1@fda.hhs.gov>
Subject: Oval yesterday
A very dangerous meeting in the OVAL yesterday.  I had been excluded from all oval meetings 
since 22April until a couple of weeks ago when the President began speaking to Tony and I and 
thus the southern hot pink graphic showing the Southern outbreak.  Since then I am sometimes 
included in a brief meeting before his press briefing (approx. 2-3 times total). A couple of weeks 
ago a Dr Scott Atlas showed up at the WH with a very different take on the epidemic.  Dr Atlas 
thoughts
1. No matter what we do it the outcome will be the same – in other words in most places 
the virus has already run its course.  There is enough herd immunity to protect the rest 
of the population if we protect the vulnerable
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 288 ---
18
2. Schools can open and should open everywhere – I countered that this would cause a 
new round of community spread and eventually lead to new hospitalizations and deaths 
– but I had no impact
3. Children are not at any risk to infection and do not spread the virus in any manner – the 
do not transmit the virus
4. HTN and associated co-morbidities are not that critical – ie all BB, MLB, FB except for 
line backers that are overweight are at no risk as physical fitness overcomes the virus 
effects
5. Masks are over rated and not needed
6. Testing is very over rating – thus the source of the President’s call for new testing 
guidance
7. Case identification is bad for the President’s reelection – testing should only be of the 
sick
The president has decided we were wrong about “heat” and the summer and therefore our 
opinions at this point are irrelevant.  (As was discuss by CHOP months ago and all models 
predicted outdoors (thus summer) would decrease R1 by 15-20% due to some increase in social 
distancing but this could immediately be over come with decreased mitigation such as social 
distancing and etc and thus the situation we are in.) He noted that it was the task force that got 
us into this ditch by promoting testing and falsely increasing case counts compared to other 
countries.
The conclusion was Dr Atlas is brilliant and the President will be following his guidance now. I 
don’t know what can be done at this point but I will make another run at this and will continue 
the state by state approach to try to contain the virus but doubt my abilities to change the 
President’s mind concerning what needs to be done – strict mask use, expansion of testing, 
strict social distancing and limiting access to all public venues where social distancing and 
masks cannot be used, limit school reopenings where there is uncontrolled community spread – 
the red counties – until the outbreak can be contained, limiting in yellow counties with strict 
social distancing and mask use. 
Open to all thoughts but I don’t think I can be very effective at this point. Deb
Met with POTUS in Oval Office together with Collins, Deb, Moncef Slaoui, Gus 
Perna and the entire WH staff with our group sitting in front of the desk.   Meeting 
was supposed to be our briefing the POTUS on vaccine progress.   However, it 
turned into the free-floating stream of consciousness about vaccines, treatments, 
stock market, Russian vaccine, approval ratings, testing too much, influenza, etc, 
etc.   My relationship with him is now back on track as I joked with him a lot 
during the meeting.   Lasted about 40 minutes.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 289 ---
19
Had teleconference from my home with Mascola, Dieffenbach, Mike Cohen, Peter 
Gilbert, Larry Corey regarding the revealing of the AMP data (Antibody Mediated 
Prevention).   HPTN 703 – Women in Southern Africa and HPTN 704 – MSM and 
TGW in Americas and Switzerland receiving VRC01 infusions every 2 months for 
10 months.   Data are clear:   overall no prevention of HIV infections.   However, 
very clear from sieve studies that VRC01 prevented acquisition of VRC01 
sensitive isolates.   Big win!    This is first step in a multi-mAb regimen similar to 
combination ART
PRESS:  Terrific Face Book/Instagram with Tiffany Haddish;
August 12, 2020 – Global – 20,000,000/735,000;   USA – 5,120,000/164,000
4800 items regarding me on sale:
Fauci items on Etsy - n=4804   https://www.etsy.com/search?q=fauci 
Discussed on a “chat” with Pastor Miller of St. Luke’s Lutheran Church in Silver 
Spring in a session for children.   She also said a prayer for me.
Bets Malone has written a song about me to the words of “You Made me Love 
You”.   Going viral on you tube.   Totally crazy
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 290 ---
20
Important meeting at Task Force – Trump has brought in a Dr. Scott Atlas, a 
radiation oncologist from Stanford Hoover Institute.   He is a FOX News 
Commentator and Trump has seen him on FOX.   He is against everything we are 
saying.   He wants to open schools in red Zone, feels that children do not get sick 
(or even transmit when they get infected) and so we should let herd immunity 
form.   He wants to protect the vulnerable but does not realize that we do no do that 
effectively.   He wants to only test symptomatic people.   He obviously does not 
believe in community spread.   This is going to be a real problem.   The rightwing 
press is saying that Trup brought him in to counter me and Birx.  Atlas now has an 
office in the EEOB and he is Special Assistant to the POTUS.   He is also now a 
member of the Task Force.
PRESS:  Did Fireside Chat with the “Trilateral Commission” led by Meghan 
O’Sullivan and Juliette Kayyem (Harvard Kennedy School of Government)
August 13, 2020 – ~1500 deaths yesterday – deadliest day of summer.  Global – 
20,200,000/737,000; USA – 5,200,000/165,1000.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 291 ---
21
Had very nice Zoom conversation with Gov. Raimondo (D-RI) about school 
opening.   RI is in green zone and so it was an easy conversation.
The Fauci cult is getting even stronger.   E-mail from  Children’s Hospital at 
Northwestern in Chicago”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 292 ---
22
Amazing  surprise:   Irwin Redlener called me.   He is a friend of Joan Baez and 
said that Joan is now an accomplished portrait artist and she is a great admirer of 
mine and has painted a portrait of me.   Irwin wanted to know if it was OK for him 
to give Joan my cell phone number.  I said of course and within an hour Joan 
called me and we had a wonderful conversation with her calling me an American 
hero.   She texted a copy of the portrait to me.   I gave her my home address and 
she will send me a print of it.   See below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 293 ---
23
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 294 ---
24
PRESS: Local Radio and TV in North Carolina – 1) 106.1 FM:  KC O’Dea 
Show (Radio); 2) Bo Thompson WBT (Radio); 3) WGHP Fox 8 Brad Jones 
TV Greensboro; 4) WXII TV Davonte McKennith – Winston-Salem.   PBS 
NewsHour with Judy Woodruff.  Instagram Live with Matthew 
McConaughey.  Pew Trust Podcast
August 14, 2020 – Excess death calculations has us actually at 200,000 deaths 
from COVID-19.  Global   USA
Did Task Force today.   Had brief discussion with Scott Atlas.   He is concerned 
about being seen as the “anti-Fauci”.   He says that he is not in favor of “let it rip” 
to develop herd immunity.   He believes in herd immunity, but he feels that we 
should just protect the elderly and vulnerable in nursing homes.  He may be 
backing off on what he was “supposed” to have said.   Clearly, Deb Birx and to 
some extent Redfield feel that he is dangerous.   He might be, but I really need to 
hear from him what is position is on a variety of subjects.
Joan Baez sent me a beautiful note this evening.
Hi Tony,
Just a thought..
People have told me over and over how important I was I'm their lives..I never 
really either believed them or paid them much attention.  But maybe too much 
modesty, false or otherwise, is as silly as blowing ones own trumpet to loudly.
I wonder if you have any idea (probably not) how important you are to us, our 
health, our sense of hope, and that we won’t go under, not just yet.  I am not 
optimistic about the future of our country, or the world for that matter.  But that 
doesn’t mean I’ve given up.  
I’m fortunate to paint, and paint well.  Same as I sang well.  I had the blessed luck 
to end my singing career shortly before Covid upended the entertainment 
industry.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 295 ---
25
My first portrait exhibit was called “Mischief Makers”.  It consisted of people who 
had spoken truth to power, many risking their lives to make change without the 
use of violence. 
Without even thinking about it, you are doing nonviolent resistance every time 
you stand up in front of the cameras with people all around you who are doing 
everything possible to negate common sense and science.. knowing your life 
oddly and unexpectedly is more fragile than you’d thought, by the splits and 
divisions, mistrust and hatred - mostly people by who are encouraged to do evil, 
are now very close by.  
Corragio Tony!  If I, or anyone from my community of activists and friends can 
help you out in any way, please just let us know.  
Meantime, my British mom used to say, "Carry on the good works and take care.. 
good people are scarce."
Yours, Joan
On rereading  this I see that parts of it might be appropriate to put up on my face 
book page.  Let me knkw if that makes you uncomfortable in any way.  
PRESS:
August 15, 2020  
Brett Giroir getting slammed by the press for saying that we do not need to do 
widespread testing.   He is acting annoyed with the press (which is a bad idea) 
when they push him and mention that all the health experts disagree with him.
The Fauci cult continues:
Fauci Bobblehead Raises $200k for Healthcare Workers
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 296 ---
26
Two new Fauci-themed bobbleheads are on preorder. They will also raise money to support 
healthcare professionals.
By Christopher Ruvo
The National Bobblehead Hall of Fame and Museum has revealed that a bobblehead it 
produced of Dr. Anthony Fauci has raised more than $200,000 to aid in the fight against COVID-
19.
Dr. Anthony Fauci
The museum generated the money by donating $5 from every Fauci bobblehead sale to the 
American Hospital Association’s Protect the Heroes Campaign in support of the 100 Million 
Mask Challenge and other initiatives that protect healthcare workers on the front lines of the 
coronavirus pandemic. Other bobbleheads, including one of Dr. Deborah Birx, helped generate 
an additional $70,000 in donations for the cause.
Given the success of the Fauci bobblehead charitable initiative, the Milwaukee, WI-based 
museum has created two more Fauci bobbleheads that are now available for preorder. The first 
commemorates the Fauci “facepalm” incident from earlier this year, while the second features 
the original Fauci bobble design with a red tie. The museum will continue to donate $5 from 
every purchase to Protect the Heroes.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 297 ---
27
Dr. Fauci ‘facepalm’ bobblehead
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 298 ---
28
Dr. Fauci red tie bobblehead
“After releasing the first bobblehead of Dr. Fauci, we received a lot of requests for a facepalm 
version, and when the original bobblehead sold out, we wanted to give a few options for the 
many people out there just finding out that a Dr. Fauci bobblehead exists,” said National 
Bobblehead Hall of Fame and Museum co-founder and CEO Phil Sklar. “We look forward to 
raising more funds and awareness for the Protect the Heroes Campaign during these 
unprecedented times.”
Fauci, 79, is the executive director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. A 
central figure on global health issues like HIV/AIDS, Ebola and Zika, Fauci has been the medical 
expert at the forefront of the U.S. battle against coronavirus.
The “facepalm” theme of the one new bobblehead arises from a press briefing in March in 
which Fauci appeared to chuckle and cover his face with his hand in reference to something 
President Donald Trump said. Fauci said he was only covering his face because a lozenge was 
stuck in his throat, but the image went viral.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 299 ---
29
The problem is that now I am one of the most recognizable and well-known people in the 
world.  This is very strange; however, it is triggering increased hate mail and threats.   My 
security detail (Brett Rowland, Andre Jacobs, Mike Salva, Ken are getting more careful and 
concerned.
Outbreak still roaring:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 300 ---
30
PRESS: None
August 16, 2020 (Sunday) – No Sunday shows for me.  They are putting out Scott 
Atlas and Brett Giroir.   New emphasis is that we do not need to widely test, we 
just need to protect the vulnerable in Nursing Homes by testing personnel often 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 301 ---
31
and occupants.  They are forgetting about the many vulnerables in the community 
(diabetics, obese, HT, elderly) who will get infected by community spread.
PRESS:   Glenn Kessler (fact checker for Washington Post) wrote a piece in 
todays Post indicating that Trump was incorrect in his statements that I was 
wrong on: 1) saying that everything is OK and we do not need to worry; 2) 
that I opposed China travel ban;  3) that I was against masks.
August 17, 2020 – Global     USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 302 ---
32
• Did Fireside chat with Gallaudet University
• Discussion with Cong. Sanford Bishop (D-GA) – member of CBG – 
particular interest in Vets.  
• Gave COVID lecture to ASM Microbe meeting.   Afterwards did fireside 
chat with Peggy Hamburg
PRESS: Taped interview with J.J. Green, national security correspondent for 
WTOP radio;
August 18, 2020 – Global – 22,000,000/773,000;    USA – 5,400,000/170,000
I continue to be kept out of the classic press but am getting in through indirect 
ways.   Still have >1000 deaths per day.   Scott Atlas now the main person that 
Trump listens to.   I have reached out to Scott to give him a fair chance to explain 
to me exactly how he feels about children getting infected and the issues with 
letting community spread happen.  We obviously differ here.   He and White 
House feel that we can let children get infected in schools since they do not get 
sick and we just need to protect the vulnerable in Nursing Homes.   Fallacious 
thinking since there are many not in Nursing Homes who are vulnerable such as 
obese people, diabetics, hypertensives, etc.   ALSO, many reports coming out now 
about long term cardiovascular and brain effects in younger people who were not 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 303 ---
33
even sick enough to go to the hospital, and who were merely home in bed for a 
couple of weeks.  ALSO, more younger people dying.
Of note, I was the only one of the Doctors in the TF who was noit invited to be 
present in the Sit Room for the Governors’s call today.
Joan Baez texted me saying that she now has 3,000,000 views on her Face Book 
note to me.  Her  comment was:  “Over three million views.   Is this fun or what?”
PRESS: Healthline Town Hall; Commonwealth Club of California Fireside 
Chat; Bloomberg Quicktake Live
August 19, 2020   Global – 22,000,000/776,000;    USA – 5,500,000/171,000 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 304 ---
34
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 305 ---
35
Interesting that Scott Atlas announced at a Doctor’s Huddle that I was on board in 
seeing the rationale for his statements.
Joan Baez Face Time now has 4,000,000 views re: my portrait and her words about 
me.
POTUS called up Collins and started ranking that Francis and I are hurting him 
by getting in the way of the EUA for convalescent plasma   he was yelling at 
Francis saying that he and I (and Cliff to some extent) are undermining him.   See 
article in the NY Times today as well as Politico that said that Trump feels that 
Francis and I are pushing back on the EUA for “political reasons”.
PRESS: “60 Minutes – Australia” TV; Radio Lab – NY Public Radio – Tracy 
Hunt; Podcast with Frank Sesno – covered on C-SPAN; IDSA Podcast with 
Carlos Del Rio; Interview with Der Spiegel (German print); New York Times 
article by Noah Weiland reports that Francis Collins and I and Cliff Lane are 
pushing back on the possibility of an EUA for convalescent plasma until more 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 306 ---
36
data come in since we feel the current data does not justify an EUA at this 
point.   It reports that we are working with the FDA on this.   However, some 
are interpreting that we are pushing back against the FDA, which is not true.   
Peter marks is on board with us.
August 20, 2020 – Global    USA
• Surgery today to remove polyp from vocal cord at GWU Hospital by Dr. 
Steven Bielamowicz.
• Becoming really nice pen pal with Joan Baez.
•
PRESS:   Much press coverage of my surgery started by Sanjay at CNN and 
then went viral
August 21, 2020 – Global   USA
• Washington Post is writing a story that is intended to be a hit job on Pence 
and Short. Katie Miller asked me to counter with some statements and I did
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 307 ---
37
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 308 ---
38
PRESS:   Continued coverage of my surgery in press.
August 22, 2020 – Global – 22,800,000/795,000;   USA – 5,600,000/175,000  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 309 ---
39
• POTUS called my cell at around 7:37 PM while I was outside on back 
deck with Chris and Jenny.   It was the White House Operator saying the 
POTUS wanted to speak with me.   I could not speak sine Dr. Bielamowicz 
said to not utter a word until tomorrow (Sunday), Chris answered and gave 
message to WH operator.  POTUS called back and said he hoped I was 
doing well.
I was concerned that he might think I was disrespectful for not answering the 
phone and so I texted Katie Miller ad explained the situation and asked if 
she or Stephen Miller could get the message to the POTUS and explain why 
I could not speak.  She teted back and said that VP Pence would take care of 
it and tell the POTUS.  I could not figure out why he called.   He could have 
read about my surgery and was checking on me.  Or there is a lot of tension 
against Francis Collins ad me in the WH because we have questioned the 
data supporting an EUA for convalescent plasma.  They re holding it up 
until further data are available tomorrow and POTUS is saying the scientists 
(particularly FDA) are “deep state”.   He throws that around a lot.  Katie 
thinks he was calling to thank me for saying in interviews that we can get 
things back without shutting down again.  We may never know.
PRESS: Australia “60 Minutes” TV interview to be shown tomorrow (Sunday 
in Australia);
August 23, 2020 (Sunday) – Global    USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 310 ---
40
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 311 ---
41
Very bad and disgraceful day for FDA and Steve Hahn and Alex Azar – They 
caved to pressure from Trump to issue EUA for Convalescent Plasma (CP).   
Francis Cliff and I among others a few days ago looked at the data and since there 
was no control and the analysis was post hoc with end points that were NOT 
predetermined, we could not say that there was any effect.  When they tortured the 
data, they came up with a 35% decrease in deaths among people 3 days from dx, 
.80 years old and not on ventilator.  Very narrow group.  We had agreed to wait for 
further data from the same Mayo Clinic study to do a predetermined end point 
analysis to see if it strengthened the original data.   The new data was collected, but 
before we could see it, Mark Meadows decided to “break the log jam” and got 
Steve Hahn and Alex to cave in and issue the EUA tonight, the night before the 
beginning of the GOP convention tomorrow night.   I am afraid that this will 
happen with the upcoming vaccine trials.
PRESS:  New York Times and Washington Post coverage of old statements by 
me and Francis and Cliff about our skepticism of the EUA data
August 24, 2020 – Global – 23,300,000/806,000;   USA – 5,700,000/177,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 312 ---
42
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 313 ---
43
• Got call from Albert Bourla (CEO of Pfizer) expressing concern about 
AstraZenica likely trying to get an EUA for their vaccine before the big 
companies (Moderna, Pfizer, J & J complete their phase 3 trials.   We 
discussed what to do.   He suggested that he ask the companies to sign an 
agreement that they will all strive for completion of phase 3 studies before 
decisions are made.   I suggested that we get the scientific community 
involved who should demand to see the data upon which the FDA would 
make any decisions.
The Nashville, TN Public Defender has established the “Fauci Award”:
 Introducing the Dr. Fauci Award! This Nashville Defenders Award recognizes staff members 
who embody the admirable qualities and character of the Director of the National Institute of 
Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Dr. Anthony S. Fauci. Amongst the numerous positive 
qualities demonstrated by Dr. Fauci which include a commitment to perseverance in the face 
of adversity, compassion, cleanliness, good health, and concern for the education, protection, 
and welfare of others above his own personal interests. Dr. Fauci has stood in the face of 
power and fought back, maintaining his integrity and keeping his mission in the forefront.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 314 ---
44
PRESS:  Article (online today, print tomorrow) in Washington Post by Ashley 
Parker, Josh Dawsey and Philip Rucker quoting me as defending Pence - 
Politics
Mike Pence hopes four years of 
subservience to Trump will lift his 
political future
Interview with Julie Steenhuysen of Reuters on COVID-19 vaccine trials; New 
York Times – Sheryl Stolberg is doing a profile on me and my recent surgery 
and other things.
August 25, 2020 – Global   USA
Steve Hahn admits publicly that he “exaggerated” the data showing effect of 
CP on death rate.   He originally said that out of 100 patients, 35 lives were saved, 
which is absolutely incorrect.   He now admits that but he does not back down on 
declaring a positive effect.  Data analysis from Mike Lauer and Dean Follmann 
show absolutely no effect.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 315 ---
45
See Below from Martha’s Vineyard
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 316 ---
46
Spain is starting to “explode:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 317 ---
47
PRESS:
August 26, 2020 – Global    USA
• POTUS holding more briefings with Scott Atlas and others (Dr. Jay 
Bhattacharya, Dr. Joseph Ladapo, Dr. Martin Kulldorff, and Dr. Cody 
Meissner) to the exclusion of Deb Birx.  Making it very awkward for her.   I 
have been out of the briefing loop for some time now.
• We have been seeing surges that follow crowded events – Memorial Day, 4th 
of July, and now with Labor Day coming up, there is concern that we will 
see another “surge” as people move around, travel and return home from 
beaches, etc.   We are playing “whack a mole”
Sign in East Village, NYC:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 318 ---
48
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 319 ---
49
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 320 ---
50
• Big shit show today about the change in CDC testing guidelines where they 
said if you are exposed to a documented case of COVID-19 you need not get 
tested if you are asymptomatic.   This version was circulated at a TF meeting 
a couple of weeks ago and we were asked to look at it and sign on.   I did so 
cursorily, made a change but did not grasp the implications of this change 
that means we put no emphasis on symptomatic spread.  The guidelines were 
further discussed at a Aug 20 TF meeting when I was under general 
anesthesia for vocal cord surgery.   When the shit hit the fan and the public 
health community went nuts at these changes, Brett Giroir said at a press 
conference that the TF, explicitly mentioning me, approved this, it got me 
vey upset.  Clearly at the Aug 20 meeting, Deb Birx did not agree (she told 
me so).   Also, I did not give it a lot of attention and I was not in the room 
for the final discussion when Deb objected.  Sanjay Gupta (CNN) reported 
the disconnect between me and Brett which caused a bit of a media storm.   
Behind these changes was Scott Gottlieb
• Telephone conversation between Peter Marks, Steve Hahn, Francis Collins, 
Cliff Lane, Mike Lauer, Dean Follmann, and Rich Forshee (FDA) about the 
basis of their declaring an EUA on CP.  We (NIH) feel that FDA clearly 
caved to the White House and we were trying to examine the data that was 
the basis for their decision.   Clearly Hahn was very defensive and Peter was 
“hurt” because he thought that the NIH was attacking the FDA.   We settled 
it, but it is becoming clear that Steve is a bit more political than we are.  
Seems to be star struck about being around the White House and likely 
caved to Meadows. Who is looking for good news before the election.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 321 ---
51
PRESS:  Shit show about CDC guidelines changing and Brett Giroir saying 
that I approved them  (see above)
August 27,2020 –
• I wrote an email to Brett trying to make peace:
-----Original Message-----
From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov> 
Sent: Thursday, August 27, 2020 6:31 AM
To: Birx, Deborah (nsc.eop.gov) <Deborah.L.Birx@nsc.eop.gov>; Giroir, Brett 
(HHS/OASH) <Brett.Giroir@hhs.gov>
Cc: Redfield, Robert R. (CDC/OD) <olx1@cdc.gov>
Subject: RE: Testing 
Brett:
   I am sorry that there was so much press seemingly pitting you against me 
regarding approval or not of the changes in the CDC guidelines.  I want to make 
something clear from my perspective and hopefully we can move on as good 
colleagues.  According to the press reporting, you stated that the guideline 
change was "approved" by the task Force including and specifically by me.   If 
what we did  was the process for "officially approving" as important a document 
as the CDC guidelines, then the process is clearly flawed.   There was no official 
"group discussion" at any meetings that I was at. The document was passed 
around to us individually before or after a TF meeting and indeed I did quickly 
look at it.   I considered the document as a done deal that would not change no 
matter what we said.   To your credit, you did make one minor change that I 
suggested.   Importantly, had I appreciated that Deb, the Task Force 
Coordinator,  had such a real problem with it (see her e-mail below), I would have 
looked at it much more carefully and discussed her concerns with her in detail, 
and re-read it in that context.    I understand from Deb that a discussion did occur 
at the Aug 20 meeting (see below) when I was out being operated on at GWU 
hospital.    Upon careful examination of the document now, I see why the 
community is up in arms about it since that change can and is being interpreted 
by many as indicating that we do not believe that asymptomatic spread and thus 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 322 ---
52
community spread is important enough to test for it.   We can argue within the 
confines of the Situation Room that the intent of the guidelines are clear and crisp 
and helpful.  However, the overwhelming proportion of the public health 
community are baffled by these changes.  This is an unforced error.  I am happy to 
discuss with you.   Again, sorry for the misunderstanding.
Best,
Tony
Powder Attack!!! – Today, I received a letter at home from Jacksonville, FL looking like the 
very many letters that I get each day, usually asking me to sign a baseball card or an index card.   
The letter had typewritten address as opposed to WORD processor.   It was very thin.  I brought 
it o work and around 10:30 AM started opening the “fan mail”.   I opened this one and took out a 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 323 ---
53
single sheet of white paper that was folder in 1/3s.   As I opened the folding, fine white powder 
essentially shot up for the paper an got on my hands, my tie, shirt ants, face, desk and chair.   I 
immediately called Kim and told her not to come into the room but to get George and Brett 
(security) who were down the hall.   They came and we put the letter and envelope in a plastic 
bag and called NIH Hazmat.   The entire team came and hade me strip naked to spray me down.   
I then went downstair to take a long shower and put on my running shots to go home with.   All 
my closes and everything that I touched went into a plastic bag for forensics.   George and Brett 
took me home and we waited for the analysis that finally showed no protein (anthrax or ricin).  
Sheet of paper had typewritten statement: “MANDATORY LOCKDOWNS…MEDICATIONS, 
REAP WHAT YOU SOW.   SIC SEMPER MARXUM PRODITORES.  ENJOY    YOUR      
GIFT”  
Alan Alda and Anthony Fauci Talk Science 
in Live-Streamed Smithsonian Associates 
Event
PRESS:   GOP convention dominating.   Yet, much press around the CDC 
guidelines mess (see above);   New York Times: How Dr. Fauci 
Found Himself Talking to Julia Roberts, Lil 
Wayne and Just About Any Podcaster Who 
Asked
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 324 ---
54
By Quoctrung Bui, Margot Sanger-Katz, Sheryl Gay Stolberg, Noah Weil and and Kitty 
BennettAug. 27, 2020
August 28, 2020 – Global   USA
• Amazing that there were no leaks to the press following the powder attack.
  
Still >40,000 cases per day
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 325 ---
55
Email exchange with Kellyanne Conway on the announcement of her 
leaving the WH:
Dear Dr. Fauci – 
What a kind and welcome note. Thank you for taking the time. Indeed, it has been a pleasure 
working with and learning from you over the past 6 months in the face of a global pandemic. 
You may be “America’s Doctor,”  but you also are accessible and affable. Thank you for your 
many kindnesses.
I hope you are feeling better following surgery, and that you will heal quickly and completely. 
God bless you. Always here for you, if I may help in any way.  
Fondly, 
Kellyanne
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 326 ---
56
KAConway@gmail.com
202-251-9943
From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov> 
Sent: Monday, August 24, 2020 7:22 AM
To: Conway, Kellyanne E. EOP/WHO <KAC@who.eop.gov>
Subject: miss you
Kellyanne:
  I was sorry to read in the Post today that you will be leaving the White 
House at the end of the month.  However, your reasons appear to be 
quite sound and your usual good judgment seems to have prevailed.   I 
really will miss seeing you around the Sit Room and the Oval.   You light 
up the room and I always feel a little better when you are 
around.   Take care of yourself and I hope that we continue to run into 
each other in the future.
Warm regards,
Tony
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 327 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 328 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 329 ---
59
pandemics, would you want to stay in a role where you were suddenly 
constantly criticized and undermined by your current administrator and 
were receiving death threats?
Al Jazeera TV (UK); 
August 29, 2020 –  Global – 24,600,000/834,000;    USA - ,99,000/181,000
Found out from George Adams and Brett Rowland that similar powdered letters 
from the same person (from Jacksonville. FL) also were sent to Nancy Pelosi, 
Bernie Sanders, AOC, Bill Gates, among other “liberals”
.
August 30, 2020  (Sunday) – Global – 25,000,000/840,000    USA – 
5,900,000/182,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 330 ---
60
Sunday shows dominated by recent GOP convention and the blatant lies that 
Trump spewed forth during the convention.   Also, to hold a conventin event 
directly at the White House is a gross violation of the Hatch Act.
Concern now about post-labor day (coming up) surge of cases as people 
congregate.
Spoke with Joan Baez today – She wants to use the portrait of me to advertise the 
need for science and adhering to public health messages. In essence, she wants to 
use the portrait in PSAs.  She really is wonderful.
August 31, 2020 – Global   USA
Trump stoking violence (racial tensions) in Kenosha, WI and Portland, OR
QAnon misrepresenting data from CDC that says that about 9000 out of the 
>180,000 deaths reported for COVID-19 had only COVID-19 on the death 
certificate.   The remainder also had other underlying conditions.   QAnon is 
saying that all the other deaths had nothing to do with COVID-19.   The POTUS 
loves this and is tweeting that Fauci and Birx shut down the country for only 9000 
deaths.   What an idiot!! 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 331 ---
61
See below:   Cases/day are not dramatically falling.   Looks like they may be 
plateauing again
Got called down to White House to do the Governors’s call.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 332 ---
62
PRESS: Washington Post Article indicating that Scott Atlas is pushing for a 
“herd immunity” approach to the outbreak and said he was the “anti-Fauci” 
in the White House. New York Times article will come put today with same 
story.
September 1, 2020 – Global 25,300,000/848,000; USA – 6,000,000/184,000
Did the usual weekly Miami Mayor’s call with Deb and Redfield.   Mayor Suarez 
and Major Jimenez
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 333 ---
63
Another inappropriate explosion by Mark Meadows.  The NUH Treatment 
Guidelines came out in response to the EUA for convalescent plasma (CP).  It just 
repeated what it had said before saying that there was not sufficient evidence for or 
against the use of CP and that clinical trials should continue.   In essence, this is 
what the EUA said.   However, the press went nuts saying that NIH contradicted 
the FDA and the POTUS who said that CP was a “major historic breakthrough”.   
In fact, the EUA and the Guidelines were aligned.  It was the POTUS, AZAR, and 
Hahn who over-exaggerated.   In any event, Meadows called up Francis Collins 
and started screaming saying that he needs to “fix this”.  Meadows said until he 
does, Fauci and you will not get in front of a TV screen “even for a podcast with a 
3rd grader”.   Francis sent out a tweet to explain that there was no difference 
between the EUA and the Guidelines and Meadows was satisfied.   Another day in 
Paradise…..
PRESS:  ABC Good Morning America;   Taped Today Show (NBC)  - 
Sheinelle Jones – concerning my vocal cord surgery; NBC Nightly News
September 2, 2020 – Global – 25,600,000/854,000;   USA  - 6,000,000/184
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 334 ---
64
PRESS:   MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell;
September 3, 2020 – Global – 25,800,000/860,000;    USA – 6,100,000/185,100
Big concern about a potential upsurge following Labor Day Weekend.   I am 
emphasizing this on TV hits (see below)
PRESS: CNN with Jim Sciutto; Katie Couric podcast; Marc Siegel Doctor 
Radio; NBC Nightly News
September 4, 2020 – Global – 26,300,000/864,000;  USA – 6,100,000/186,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 335 ---
65
PRESS:  Global News Canada TV; STAT interview – Joseph Andrew; CNN 
Situation Room with Jim Acosta
September 5, 2020 Global – 26,500,000/871,000;   USA 6,200,000/187,200
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 336 ---
66
PRESS:  New York Times print interview regarding Labor Day weekend and 
COVID;
September 6, 2020 – Global    USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 337 ---
67
PRESS:  Sunday dominated by election
 
September 7, 2020 - Global   USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 338 ---
68
PRESS:  Spoke with Robyn Ross of the Washington Post Magazine.   She is 
writing a piece on my “Bobblehead”.
September 8, 2020 – Global    USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 339 ---
69
Had weekly Miami Mayor’s call with Deb Birx and Miami Mayors Gimenez and 
Suarez
September 9, 2020 –
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 340 ---
70
Bob Woodward’s book “Rage” just came out today causing a media fire 
storm since it has Trump saying that he knew along along that COVID-19 was 
very serious, but he played it down to not frighten the American public.   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 341 ---
71
Some potentially damaging stuff about me.   Woodward always said my 
discussions with him were “background” and not “on the record”.   Yet he has 
others giving quotes by me that sounds like on the record.   For example:
CNN:  Dr. Anthony Fauci, the administration's top infectious disease expert, is quoted telling 
others Trump's leadership was "rudderless" and that his "attention span is like a minus 
number." 
"His sole purpose is to get reelected," Fauci told an associate, according to Woodward. 
Washington Post: The book charts the Trump administration’s failings and missteps on the 
pandemic, including the decisions and actions of Pottinger, Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention Director Robert Redfield, infectious-disease expert Anthony S. Fauci and others.
Fauci at one point tells others that the president “is on a separate channel” and unfocused in 
meetings, with “rudderless” leadership, according to Woodward. “His attention span is like a 
minus number,” Fauci said, according to Woodward. “His sole purpose is to get reelected.”
In one Oval Office meeting recounted by Woodward, after Trump had made false statements in 
a news briefing, Fauci said in front of him: “We can’t let the president be out there being 
vulnerable, saying something that’s going to come back and bite him.” Pence, Kushner, chief of 
staff Mark Meadows and senior policy adviser Stephen Miller tensed up at once, Woodward 
writes, surprised Fauci would talk to Trump that way.
Woodward describes Fauci as particularly disappointed in Kushner for talking like a cheerleader 
as if everything was great. In June, as
• Went on FOX News with John Roberts and unfortunately gave impression 
that I was defending Trump since I answered John’s question about did I 
ever see Trup play down COVID.   I answered that we briefed him in the 
Oval and he would come out and not really contradict us.   I should have 
said that he does play down COVID such as when he said it would 
“disappear like a miracle”.
PRESS: CBS This Morning; LBC UK Radio; Latin Leaders Magazine; FOX 
News with John Roberts; Celine Grounder podcast; Instagram with Jennifer 
Garner
September 10, 2020 – 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 342 ---
72
Did podcast and PSAs with Dennis Quaid
Gave Grand Rounds to the Harvard Hospitals (all of them together).   Much 
positive feedback
PRESS:  Interview and photo shoot with Alice Park for TIME Magazine 
September 11, 2020 - Global – 28,000,000/905,000;  USA – 6,400,000/191,400
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 343 ---
73
• I corrected with Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC (see below) what I should 
have said to John Roberts on FOX
• Had great dinner over my house with Peter Staley (and his dog Stella) with 
Chris, Janet Tobias and John….
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 344 ---
74
PRESS:  Interview with Newsweek – Fred Guteri; MSNBC with Andrea 
Mitchell; CNN Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer
September 12, 2020
September 13, 2020
Important Day!! – POTUS called me up at around 11:20 AM (Sunday) and 
started a diatribe about my interview on Friday with Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC.   
He went on and on about how negative I was on the show.   He said that I was 
great on Thursday with John Roberts (FOX) and so “what happened” to make me 
negative.   I tried to explain to him that the entire message was not all negative.   I 
was really saying that there is a risk with the upticks in ND, SD, MT and other 
states for a surge if we do not intensify the public health measures of masks, 
distance, crowds, etc.   I emphasized that what I was saying is that we can control 
this without having to shut down.   As soon as I mentioned the word “shut down” 
he went off saying we will never again shut down as if I was suggesting that we 
would when I was saying just the opposite.  He then went off on asking about 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 345 ---
75
vaccines and saying that I should take credit for success instead emphasizing 
failures.   It really was stream of consciousness. We ended the call on a friendly 
note, but it was clear that he did not want me to do this anymore.   He mentioned 
whether or not I like Trump, I should not do this.   I told him that I do not dislike 
him and he knows that.   He agreed.  I will either have to stay off TV or continue to 
disappoint him since I cannot change my message.
This evening when I went up to Chef Geoff’s to pick up carry out hamburgers for 
me and Brett Rowland, every outdoor table serving Chef Geoff and Al Dente was 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 346 ---
76
occupied and every person at the tables gave me a roaring round of applause as I 
left Chef Geoff’s with my food.   It blew me and Brett away.   Very moving.
September 14, 2020 – Global – 29,000,000/922,000;  USA – 6,500,000/194,000
Michael Caputo went crazy.   Article in NY Times has him raving about conspiracy 
theories;
“Trump Health Aide Pushes Bizarre Conspiracies and Warns of Armed Revolt” by 
Sharon LaFraniere
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 347 ---
77
Europe is starting to surge:
September 15, 2020 – Global – 29,200,000/927,000;    USA 6,500,000/194,000
Had virtual press conference with Gov. Phil Scott (R-VT).  They are doing very 
well with test positivity of 0.2%
Had call with Miami Mayors (weekly event) with Deb and Bob Redfield
Did 1 hour briefing of Congressional Progressive Caucus (liberal Dems)
Task Force meeting.   VP gave me a signed enlarged photo of he and I.
PRESS: See above press conference in VT; NPR with Joe Palca (pre-recorded 
for later date); 
 
September 16, 2020 – Global  - 29,400,000; 931,000;   USA – 6,600,000/195,100
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 348 ---
78
Did Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Leadership Conference with Sanjay 
Gupta moderating
PRESS:Bloomberg News Podcast – David Rubenstein; Business Insider 
interview; BMJ Podcast; Wall Street Journal podcast interview; Wall Street 
Journal online event
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 349 ---
79
September 17, 2020 – Global   USA
Was a panelist on the “CEO Global Perspectives Series Webcast (Oxford, UK) 
with Michael Earl (Moderator) and Sir John Bell (co-panelist).   Great discussion 
comparing UK and USA experience.
Presented to ONE Board on COVID-19 – Bono, Josh Bolten, and Sheryl Sandberg 
was on the Zoom
Michael Caputo diagnosed with squamous cell carcinoma metastatic to cervical 
lymph node. – head and neck cancer.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 350 ---
80
PRESS: WTOP Radio; MSNBC TV – Chris Hayes
September 18, 2020 – 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 351 ---
81
New cases today at 43,000
Testing has decreased and so hospitalizations per 100 case has increased since we 
are missing asymptomatics (see note above)
PRESS:   Interview with La Repubblica; 
September 19, 2020   Global – 30,400,000/950,000;    USA – 6,700,000/198,100
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 352 ---
82
The 4 Presidents from the Washington Nationals came to my house today to 
present me with the “Sammie” Award as the Outstanding Federal Employee.   Had 
many cameras filming the event.  
September 20, 2020 (Sunday)  Global    USA
Yet again, I am not allowed on Sunday Shows while Brett Giroir is doing SOTU.
Signs in NYC subway stations:
Lot of discussion about the transverse myelitis in a volunteer in the UK Chimp Ad 
Oxford trial.   May have had a prior case, but was designated as multiple sclerosis.   
Trial re-started in UK; not yet in USA (the AZ trial)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 353 ---
83
Scott Atlas deliberately trying to undermine Deb Birx interpretation of the data
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 354 ---
84
September 21, 2020 – Global   USA
Was on weekly Governors call via phone.   Explained to them about vaccine 
protocol, i.e. Data to DSMB to Company to FDA for EUA/BLA to VRPAC 
advisory committee.   All transparent to scientific community.
104 million tests performed in the USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 355 ---
85
Had wonderful time at Adrienne Asche’s home 2221 – 30th Street, NW.   Outdoor 
concert with NPO (National Pops Orchestra led by Luke Frazier.   Adrienne called 
me out and Luke Dedicated a song to me (Climb Every Mountain).   Everyone 
masked and physically distant with champage at each separate table of people 
alone or withspouses.  Present were Ambassadors from Iraq, Mexico, Colombia, 
and UK
PRESS:   Did a series of YouTube chats with Trevor Noah; Fat Joe; The Onyx 
Family; and The SloMo Guys;  The Daily Beast – Erin Banco; CNN Jeremy 
Diamond 
Story broke in the Daily Beast:
A Notorious COVID Troll 
Actually Works for Dr. Fauci
INSIDE JOB
Bill Crews is a PR official at the National Institutes of Health. But he 
also has another job: an anonymous RedState editor who rails against 
the agency for which he works.
Lachlan Markay
September 22, 2020   Global   USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 356 ---
86
 
 
PRESS: CNN Citizen Conference with Sanjay Gupta;  Interview with The 
Atlantic Festival with Alexis Madrigal was carried on CNN and other 
networks
September 23, 2020 – Global – 31,400,000/966,666;   USA – 6,900,000/200,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 357 ---
87
For Time Magazine 100 Most Influential People, I was ranked #1 among the 
“Leaders” category
THE 100 MOST INFLUENTIAL PEOPLE OF 2020
 B A C K  T O  H O M E
Anthony Fauci
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 358 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 359 ---
89
Stefan Ruiz for TIME
BY JIMMY KIMMEL
SEPTEMBER 22, 2020 9:34 PM EDT
A s the COVID-19 pandemic began to spread to the U.S ., there 
was one person millions of Americans immediately knew we could turn 
to for guidance: Dr. Anthony Fauci . As director of the National 
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Dr. Fauci has advised six 
Presidents over 36 years. When COVID-19 reared its ugly head, he was 
among the first to step forward with facts and only facts .
Dr. Fauci doesn’t sugarcoat his words and refuses to be pressured by 
politicians . He delivers the truth, as difficult as it may be to hear, 
earnestly and with one goal: to save lives. His courage and candor have 
earned our trust. We are all fortunate to have a man of his wisdom, 
experience and integrity to help us navigate these difficult waters.
Kimmel is the host and an executive producer of Jimmy Kimmel Live!
LEADERS 
• Anthony Fauci 
• Kamala Harris 
• Tsai Ing-wen 
• John Roberts 
• Xi Jinping 
• Donald Trump 
• Caesar 
• Angela Merkel 
• Joe Biden 
• Jair Bolsonaro 
• Nancy Pelosi 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 360 ---
90
• Narendra Modi 
• William Barr 
• Anne Hidalgo 
• Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus 
• Mary Kay Henry 
• Nemonte Nenquimo 
• Ursula von der Leyen 
• Jung Eun-kyeong 
• Bonnie Castillo 
• Jean-Jacques Muyembe Tamfum 
• Yousef Al Otaiba 
Note of appreciation from Senator Feinstein:
Note to Dr. Fauci 
9.23.20.pdf
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 361 ---
91
Had Hearing today at the Senate HELP committee Chaired by Sen. Alexander (R-
TN) and ranking minority Sen. Murray (D-WA).   Had hostile interaction with Se. 
Rand Paul.   I really stuffed him as he spouted out bullshit acting like he is a 
experienced epidemiologist.
Did Smithsonian sponsored “chat” with Alan Alda.   We are very fond of each 
other. Went very well.   
Interviewed with Jon Cohen for an HBO documentary that Jon is doing with David 
France on COVID-19
PRESS: Much press about my encounter with Sen. Paul
September 24, 2020 – Global   USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 362 ---
92
Still >40K cases per day:
• Made major presentation (virtually) to the World Vaccine Congress
• Given the mixed messages from FDA and CDC (with CDC stumbling all 
over themselves in first saying do not test asymptomatics and then saying 
yes, test them.   Also, first saying aerosol is important and then saying it is 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 363 ---
93
not).   POTUS now saying he may not wait for the 60 day “wait for safety 
rule” following the time 50% of the vaccines receive their last dose for the 
implementation of an EUA.  FDA (Steve Hahn) says he will listen to his 
career scientists and have this be part of the EUA criteria, while the POTUS 
has hinted he would over-rule this and get an EUA out right away, i.e. before 
the election.
PRESS:  Did press conference with Governor Murphy (D-NJ) – appeared live 
on ABC; did Face Book LIVE with Francis Collins on Janssen Vaccine; Did 
“Fireside Chat” with Carlos Del Rio moderated by Sanjay Gupta (clearly will 
appear on CNN)
September 25, 2020  - Global – 32,100,000/980,000;   USA – 6,900,000/292,300
Have not mentioned this, but threats and harassments of my children continue, 
particularly of letters and texts to Megan.  These assholes have her home address 
and write to her threatening me, which is quite disturbing to her.   We have sent all 
of this to Brett Rowland (security) who is
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 364 ---
94
PRESS:  Appeared in Newsweek: Herd Immunity Study 
Rand Paul Cited Against Fauci Actually 
Refutes Senator's Claim
By Hannah Osborne On 9/25/20 at 7:56 AM EDT 
UK Channel 4 TV News; Late, Late TV Show in Ireland by Zoom; Instagram 
with Peter Staley;   JAMA Podcast (usually gets picked up by networks); USA 
Today Interview; Interview with Donald McNeil of NY Times re: Herd 
immunity and Scott Atlas
September 26, 2020 – 
Major conflict between Deb and Atlas.   See below with Deb’s daily report.   
Atlas says that we do not need to test for  asymptomatics since the only thing that 
counts is preventing vulnerable people from dying.   He does not see the 
connection between asymptomatic young people (without hospitalization and 
deaths rising  →  older and vulnerable (with later hospitalization and deaths 
rising).   We are heading to a major clash between deb/me/Bob versus Atlas
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 365 ---
95
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 366 ---
96
Jon LaPook has been wanting to do a 60 Minutes Special focused on me and 
Comms has been disking around without responding.  Francis and I sent e-mails to 
Alyssa Farah and she apologized saying that she will approve 90% of requests for 
me and refuse ONLY those that are obviously politically charged.   Up to this 
point, 95% of requests for me have be refused or ignored by the WH/HHS.   They 
truly are dysfunctional even though I believe that Alyssa is a good person.
Medai-Ite
Joe Biden Promises to Hire Dr. Anthony 
Fauci ‘Minutes After The Race Is Called’
By Tommy ChristopherSep 26th, 2020, 12:28 pm 
116 Comments
September 27, 2020 –  Global – 32,700,000/991,000;   USA – 7,060,000/204,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 367 ---
97
Things really getting crazy.   Irish thought that I was physically present in Dublin 
for the Late Late show interview (see above on Sept. 25) and they demonstrated 
against me:
Protesters outside RTÉ last night were 
convinced top US doctor had flown in for 
the show
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 368 ---
98
By Sarah Finnan 
September 26, 2020 at 9:15am
Share: 
Protestors outside 'fake news HQ RTÉ' last night seemed to think that top US doctor Anthony 
Fauci had flown in from DC especially for the show.
PRESS:  Sunday and still no show appearances – all turned down by HHS 
and/or WH.  
RAI TV live in Italy;
September 28, 2020 – Global    USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 369 ---
99
Dr. Fauci Top 20 Highly Cited Papers (Based on Web of Science, 09/28/2020)
1. Roberts AB, Sporn MB, Assoian RK, et al. “TRANSFORMING GROWTH-
FACTOR TYPE-BETA - RAPID INDUCTION OF FIBROSIS AND ANGIOGENESIS 
INVIVO AND STIMULATION OF COLLAGEN FORMATION INVITRO.” 
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of 
America. 1986;83(12):4167-4171. [2,613 citations]
2. Hoffman, G. S., G. S. Kerr, R. Y. Leavitt, C. W. Hallahan, R. S. Lebovics, W. D. 
Travis, M. Rottem, and A. S. Fauci. 1992. "Wegener Granulomatosis: An 
Analysis of 158 Patients." Annals of Internal Medicine 116 (6): 488-498. 
doi:10.7326/0003-4819-116-6-488. [2,060 citations]
3. Koenig, S., H. E. Gendelman, J. M. Orenstein, M. C. Dal Canto, G. H. 
Pezeshkpour, M. Yungbluth, F. Janotta, A. Aksamit, M. A. Martin, and A. S. 
Fauci. 1986. "Detection of AIDS Virus in Macrophages in Brain Tissue from 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 370 ---
100
AIDS Patients with Encephalopathy." Science 233 (4768): 1089-1093. 
doi:10.1126/science.3016903. [1,663 citations]
4. Pantaleo, G., C. Graziosi, J. F. Demarest, L. Butini, M. Montroni, C. H. Fox, J. 
M. Orenstein, D. P. Kotler, and A. S. Fauci. 1993. "HIV Infection is Active and 
Progressive in Lymphoid Tissue during the Clinically Latent Stage of 
Disease." Nature 362 (6418): 355-358. doi:10.1038/362355a0. [1,649 
citations]
5. Fauci, A. S., B. F. Haynes, P. Katz, and S. M. Wolff. 1983. "Wegener's 
Granulomatosis: Prospective Clinical and Therapeutic Experience with 85 
Patients for 21 Years." Annals of Internal Medicine 98 (1): 76-85. 
doi:10.7326/0003-4819-98-1-76.. [1,646 citations]
6. Hunder, G. G., D. A. Bloch, B. A. Michel, M. B. Stevens, W. P. Arend, L. H. 
Calabrese, S. M. Edworthy, et al. 1990. "The American College of 
Rheumatology 1990 Criteria for the Classification of Giant Cell Arteritis." 
Arthritis & Rheumatism 33 (8): 1122-1128. doi:10.1002/art.1780330810. 
[1,609 citations]
7. Lane, H. C., H. Masur, L. C. Edgar, G. Whalen, A. H. Rook, and A. S. Fauci. 
1983. "Abnormalities of B-Cell Activation and Immunoregulation in Patients 
with the Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome." New England Journal of 
Medicine 309 (8): 453-458. doi:10.1056/NEJM198308253090803. [1,579 
citations]
8. Kehrl, J. H., L. M. Wakefield, A. B. Roberts, S. Jakowlew, M. Alvarez-Mon, R. 
Derynck, M. B. Sporn, and A. S. Fauci. 1986. "Production of Transforming 
Growth Factor β by Human T Lymphocytes and its Potential Role in the 
Regulation of T Cell Growth." Journal of Experimental Medicine 163 (5): 
1037-1050. doi:10.1084/jem.163.5.1037. [1,559 citations]
9. Fauci, A. S. 1988. "The Human Immunodeficiency Virus: Infectivity and 
Mechanisms of Pathogenesis." Science 239 (4840): 617-622. 
doi:10.1126/science.3277274. [1,523 citations]
10.Leavitt, R. Y., A. S. Fauci, D. A. Bloch, B. A. Michel, G. G. Hunder, W. P. 
Arend, L. H. Calabrese, et al. 1990. "The American College of Rheumatology 
1990 Criteria for the Classification of Wegener's Granulomatosis." Arthritis 
& Rheumatism 33 (8): 1101-1107. doi:10.1002/art.1780330807. [1,392 
citations]
11.Chun, T. -W, L. Stuyver, S. B. Mizell, L. A. Ehler, J. A. M. Mican, M. Baseler, 
A. L. Lloyd, M. A. Nowak, and A. S. Fauci. 1997. "Presence of an Inducible 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 371 ---
101
HIV-1 Latent Reservoir during Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy." 
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of 
America 94 (24): 13193-13197. doi:10.1073/pnas.94.24.13193. [1,317 
citations]
12.Masi, A. T., G. G. Hunder, J. T. Lie, B. A. Michel, D. A. Bloch, W. P. Arend, L. 
H. Calabrese, et al. 1990. "The American College of Rheumatology 1990 
Criteria for the Classification of churg-strauss Syndrome (Allergic 
Granulomatosis and Angiitis)." Arthritis & Rheumatism 33 (8): 1094-1100. 
doi:10.1002/art.1780330806. [1,287 citations]
13.Fauci, A. S., B. F. Haynes, and P. Katz. 1978. "The Spectrum of Vasculitis. 
Clinical, Pathologic, Immunologic, and Therapeutic Considerations." Annals 
of Internal Medicine 89 (5 I): 660-676. doi:10.7326/0003-4819-89-5-660. 
[1,272 citations]
14.Arend, W. P., B. A. Michel, D. A. Bloch, G. G. Hunder, L. H. Calabrese, S. M. 
Edworthy, A. S. Fauci, et al. 1990. "The American College of Rheumatology 
1990 Criteria for the Classification of Takayasu Arteritis." Arthritis & 
Rheumatism 33 (8): 1129-1134. doi:10.1002/art.1780330811. [1,234 
citations]
15.Kerr, G. S., C. W. Hallahan, J. Giordano, R. Y. Leavitt, A. S. Fauci, M. Rottem, 
and G. S. Hoffman. 1994. "Takayasu Arteritis." Annals of Internal Medicine 
120 (11): 919-929. doi:10.7326/0003-4819-120-11-199406010-00004. 
[1,111 citations]
16.Pantaleo G, Graziosi C, Fauci AS. THE IMMUNOPATHOGENESIS OF HUMAN-
IMMUNODEFICIENCY-VIRUS INFECTION. New England Journal of Medicine. 
1993;328(5):327-335. [946 citations]
17.Fauci AS, Dale DC, Balow JE. GLUCOCORTICOSTEROID THERAPY - 
MECHANISMS OF ACTION AND CLINICAL CONSIDERATIONS. Annals of 
Internal Medicine. 1976;84(3):304-315. [931 citations]
18.Morens, D. M., G. K. Folkers, and A. S. Fauci. 2004. "The Challenge of 
Emerging and Re-Emerging Infectious Diseases." Nature 430 (6996): 242-
249. doi:10.1038/nature02759. [899 citations]
19.Fauci AS, Macher AM, Longo DL, et al. ACQUIRED IMMUNODEFICIENCY 
SYNDROME - EPIDEMIOLOGIC, CLINICAL, IMMUNOLOGICAL, AND 
THERAPEUTIC CONSIDERATIONS. Annals of Internal Medicine. 
1984;100(1):92-106. [887 citations]
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 372 ---
102
20.Folks TM, Justement J, Kinter A, Dinarello CA, Fauci AS. CYTOKINE-INDUCED 
EXPRESSION OF HIV-1 IN A CHRONICALLY INFECTED PROMONOCYTE CELL-
LINE. Science. 1987;238(4828):800-802. [872 citations]
PRESS:   Good Morning America TV; The Netherlands TV – Nieuwsuur; 
Canadian Journalism Foundation World News Day with Brian Stelter (Web 
TV); Steph Curry – State of Inspiration Interview; Aspen Institute – Fireside 
Chat with Helen Clark former PM of New Zealand
September 29, 2020 - Global  - 33,200,000/1,000,000;  USA – 7,100,000/205,000
Cases increasing in certain regions (see below).   Hospitalization starting to creep 
up.  Deaths will follow.   Total deaths have plateaued and so as deaths go down in 
certain regions, which is true, deaths that increase in other regions result in a net 
flat curve.   Again, today big dispute between Deb (backed by me) and Atlas.   
Atlas feels that after a city/town/state reach their peak, the turn around has nothing 
to do with any intervention that we apply.   He insists that the city/state has reached 
herd immunity.   He also cherry picks papers on T cell immunity and says that 
cross-reacting T cell immunity accounts for:  the 22% ab positive in NYC + 25 % 
T cell immunity = herd immunity.   He feels that all we need to do in protect the 
vulnerables in nursing homes and we will be OK.   No need to test and no need to 
worry about community spread.
1st Presidential Debate tonight. Horrible “shit show”.   Trump was 
embarrassing, continually interrupting Biden, bullying all the way, making no 
sense, lying.   Moderator Chris Wallace could not control him.   Trump refused to 
denounce White Supremacists and when asked about the “Proud Boys”, Trump 
said” “Stand down, stand by” essentially endorsing them.   Alos, he misquoted me 
saying that I am against masks.   He also said that I praised him for saving lives by 
shutting down China travel.   Reporters (Chris Cuomo, Jim Sciutto, Maggie Fox, 
etc) continually texting me during the debate wanting me to counter what he said 
about me and masks
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 373 ---
103
PRESS:  The Texas Tribune Festival – Fireside Chat with Lawrence Wright 
(The New Yorker); Interview with Wall Street Journal – Caitlin McCabe.  
 
September 30, 2020 – Global   USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 374 ---
104
Addressed the Congressional Hispanic Caucus on COVID-19 led by Rep. Joaquin 
Castro (D-TX) and Rep Escobar.
Addressed State, local and Tribal Officials  on COVID-19
Presented plenary to American Academy of Pediatrics
Addressed Quad Caucus together with Francis
PRESS:   Wired TV with Steven Levy; ABC Podcast; Interviewed with 
Washington Post (Joel Achenbach) regarding anti-Science trend; New Yorker 
Interview  
NY Times: Fauci counters Trump for misrepresenting his stance on masks.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 375 ---
105
Anthony Fauci, director of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at NIH, 
attaches his mask before testifying at a Senate Health, Education, and Labor and 
Pensions Committee on Capitol Hill.Credit...Pool photo by Graeme Jennings
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the country’s leading official on infectious diseases, hit back at Mr. 
Trump on Wednesday for what he called the misrepresentation of Dr. Fauci’s stance on 
masks to curb coronavirus outbreaks.
In the first presidential debate Tuesday, Mr. Trump claimed that Dr. Fauci initially said 
during the pandemic “masks are not good. Then he changed his mind.” And responding 
to former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s assertion that wearing masks could save 
tens of thousands of lives, Mr. Trump also contended that “Dr. Fauci said the opposite.”
“Anybody who has been listening to me over the last several months know that a 
conversation does not go by where I do not strongly recommend that people wear 
masks,” Dr. Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases, said during an interview on ABC News’s “Start Here” podcast. The full 
interview can be heard tomorrow, ABC said.
Dr. Fauci explained that “very early on in the pandemic” authorities initially did not 
recommend masks in the context of concerns over shortages and hoarding of masks. Dr. 
Fauci also emphasized that he has clearly been urging people for months to wear masks 
when it became clear that asymptomatic transmission was spreading the virus, that 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 376 ---
106
there was no shortage of surgical masks and that masks are effective at stopping the 
spread of the virus.
“I have been on the airways, on the radio, on TV, begging people to wear masks,” Dr. 
Fauci said. “And I keep talking in the context of wear a mask, keep physical distance, 
avoid crowds, wash your hands and do things more outdoors versus indoors.”
— Simon Romero
October 1, 2020
Hope Hicks is infected!!!
PRESS: The National Press Club – NFID – Influenza Press Conference;  The 
Tight Rope with Tricia Rose and Cornell West
Journalist Michael Specter examines Fauci’s career and the challenges of facing COVID-19 with 
Trump’s White House in his new audiobook “Fauci,” the first biography to be published on the 
doctor. Specter writes that he first met Fauci in 1986. Even then, Fauci was a mainstay in both 
the political and medical communities. He has since served with every U.S. president since 
Ronald Reagan.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 377 ---
107
October 2, 2020 –   Global – 34,200,000/1,000,000;   USA – 7,300,000/207,300
POTUS is infected with SARS-CoV-2!!!!   I was very close to VP on Tuesday, 
Sept. 29.   VP is negative today.   Melania also positive.   Media frenzy!   Much 
discussion that WH knew that Hope was positive BEFORE the POTUS went on a 
trip and could possibly have exposed others. I just got tested via NIH today – 
negative.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 378 ---
108
POTUS admitted to Walter Reed with increasing sxs.   Received Regeneron 
monoclonal antibody.  I had called Sean Conley and told him that this is what I 
would do.   He agreed.    Later in day received Remdesivir.   I reached out again to 
Sean Conley to help again.   No response.  WH really shutting down comms with 
outside world.
Kellyanne Conway, RNC Chair and two senators ( Senator Thom Tillis, 
Republican of North Carolina and Senator Mike Lee), Republican of Utah) 
infected plus Bill Stepien (Trump’s Campaign manager); all were at the Rose 
Garden ceremony for Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett.   It appears that 
this ceremony was a super-spreading event since all infected people were there and 
the timing is perfect
Katie Miller called me last night and this AM.   Stephen Miller has sxs – is getting 
tested now at Walter Reed – he is negative!   I told her to stay physically separate 
from Steven even if he tests negative.
PRESS:   Getting scores of calls from press and request to appear on every 
show.   White House has indicated no press of any type until further notice.   
They do not want me or other government docs out there until further notice.   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 379 ---
109
Press (CNN) asking on air why Fauci and other TF members are not be able 
to speak.
October 3, 2020 -  Global – 34,500,000/1,000,000;   USA – 7,300,000/208,100
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 380 ---
110
Sean Conley and the WR team are giving mixed messages about how well or not 
the POTUS is doing.   Conley saying he is doing fine.  Others saying his vital signs 
are troublesome, he is on oxygen and coughing with fever.  His condition could be 
deteriorating.
PRESS:  In Science magazine:
Why Anthony Fauci is happy being the 
"skunk" on the Coronavirus Task Force
By Jon Cohen Oct. 3, 2020 , 1:05 PM
October 4, 2020 – Global   USA
Still confusion about condition of POTUS.   He came on TV last night 
wearing a blue suit with no tie saying that he felt fine and will be in 
hospital for a few days
Bob Grady texted me last night and said he talked with Chris Christie 
(he is infected and in the hospital) and Chris would like to speak with 
me.   Gave me his cell phone.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 381 ---
111
I spoke with Christie.   He was extremely grateful and “honored” that I 
called.   He is doing fairly well.   Had some fever and aches.   His O2 sat 
off oxygen is 96-98.   He is asthmatic and obese and realizes his risks 
and so he has already started Remdesivir and will start today at 12:00 
noon the Lilly mAb.
Mark Meadows called my cell while I was walking on the C & O 
Canal at around 8:30 AM to ask my advice about when the POTUS 
could go out publicly again.   I mentioned that the CDC guidelines say 
10 days from the onset of sxs.   His sxs started Thrusday, Oct. 1 and so 
10 days would be Saturday, Oct.10.   Mark told me that on Friday his 
temp was 103 and his O2 sat was in the 80s.   That triggered the 
Remdesivir.   Today (Sunday) he is up and about in his room and is 
afebrile.   O2 sat is improved and he feels much better.   I told Mark to 
send the POTUS my best wishes.
Had conversation with Katie Miller who is in hotel separated from 
Stephen since he was exposed strongly.   I spoke with Stephen yesterday 
and told him that he should stay away from Katie until he has multiple 
negative PCRs.   Today was his 4th negative and so I told Katie that she 
can leave the hotel and go home to Stephen.  Provided that they wear 
masks.
At least seven people besides the president who were there (the Amy Coney Barret 
event in the Rose Garden) have tested positive in recent days: first lady Melania 
Trump, former White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, former New Jersey 
governor Chris Christie (R), University of Notre Dame President John Jenkins, 
Sens. Mike Lee (R-Utah) and Thom Tillis (R-N.C.) and an unnamed journalist.
Contacted by Sean Conley.  Got together by conference call with Walter Reed 
medical team plus Cliff Lane plus Bob Redfield to discuss course of POTUS 
infection.   Also, discussed possibility of getting infected high level officials out in 
public with some sort of “filtering device” while they are still infected as opposed 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 382 ---
112
to waiting 10 days.   I told them that this would create a firestorm of pushback 
from the press since it would be breaking all the CDC guidelines.   I suggested that 
they might use the 2 negative PCRs over 24 hours as opposed to the 10 day from 
onset of sxs rule.   Sean said that they gave the POTUS dexamethasone since his 
O2 level dropped into the 80s, but he bounced back quickly with O2 
administration.   They started dex just as a precaution.
White House comms (including Alyssa) as well as Sean giving confusing messages 
to the public about the POTUS health.   Mark Meadows was honest and said that 
his situation was precarious requiring O2 on Friday night and the POTUS got 
angry with Mark sine he did not show a happy face.   Sean was obviously 
intimidated by POTUS and so he sugar-coated the briefing.   Bottom line is that 
POTUS is doing rather well.   He had a limo drive him up and down Rockville 
Pike waving to the crowds of supporters.   He wore a cloth mask instead of a N95 
and press criticized him for endangering the Secret Service who were in the car.
October 5, 2020 – Global – 35,100,000/1,000,000;  USA – 7,400,000/210,000
1. The overall picture continues to deteriorate raising concerns across the United 
States (beyond the improvements across the South that are currently holding) 
the absolute numbers and the concerning trendlines across the upper North 
West and Mid West and now the North East – although some of these changes 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 383 ---
113
are subtle when you triangulate them and take into account the changing 
weather conditions in these areas small clusters can rapidly and silently 
spread to large outbreaks – this spread is preventable with aggressive 
mitigation : this is not about shutting down but using the clear evidence based 
mitigation that has worked – attached both states of concern and the stable 
southern state
2. The silent spread among the asymptomatic individuals leads to silent 
community spread that then spreads to the more cautious group including the 
vulnerable members of households : the way to prevent this is to ensure 
personal mitigation through masks, physical distancing and personal hygiene 
combine with early identification of community spread and protecting the 
vulnerable individuals in their household.
3. These data driven laser focused interventions will be essential as we move into 
the fall : there needs to be a clear recognition of in household, small gatherings 
among neighbors and family events are active spreading events when there is 
even one asymptomatic COVID positive individual – although outdoors are 
safer both the level of the viral load and closeness of contact can lead to 
increasing spread
4. The overarching concern relates to the balance of personal mitigation 
behaviors and the weather driving more activities indoors with the lower 
humidity increasing the K value (dispersion factor) with lower humidity the 
droplets partially evaporate allowing for longer suspension in the air and 
together – poor personal mitigation and cooling weather with heating will 
increase the R value and the clear evidence of aerosol contribution
5. Any baseline immunity in the population (ranging from <1-10%) in all states 
except LA, NY, NJ (where mortality was 3-4X all other states) can be offset and 
overcome by this weather element and increased indoor activities – this is the 
concern about continued spread in states where the weather is changing 
(cooling) and the need for immediate mitigation actions by the leadership and 
the public collectively : conversely the improved weather across the south with 
movement outdoors from air conditioning will lower both R1 and decrease 
dispersion (K) – 
6. There also needs to be careful proactive attention to the NE – cases rising in 
NYC and Boston
7. Will be key to increase testing in the communities and states where test 
positivity is rising to prevent further community spread to prevent increases 
in hospitalizations and fatalities
8. This first several tranches of BINAX to states should be prioritized to states 
with high community spread
White House people continue to get infected – latest is Kayleigh McEnany
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 384 ---
114
POTUS called me up from his hospital room at Walter Reed.  1:08 
PM.  He rambled on about the suite he was in and how expensive it was 
to build it.   Says it is better than the White House.   Asked me if I have 
ever been there.   I told him about the time I went there to help in the 
treatment of President Nixon’s pneumonia.   He then commented on my 
voice and my successful vocal cord surgery.   He then described his 
therapies (Remdesivir, mAB (Regeneron) and Dexamethasone).   He 
praised Len Schleifer and now the real reason he called.  He said that he 
was very sick when he came into the hospital and “felt like fucking 
shit”,   However, a few hours after receiving the Regeneron mAB, he 
felt better than he has felt in years (I believe that DEX is contributing to 
this as well as to his obvious hyperkinetic state).   Bottom line is that he 
wants me to get the Regeneron mAb out as an EUA.   I explained that 
the mAb was in clinical trials.   He said the most important clinical trial 
has been done – i.e. on him the POTUS.   That is all we need to know.   
He wants me to get back to him and get it out to millions of people.   He 
said it was not about the election, it was about saving lives.   I told him 
that it was an FDA regulatory issue.   He then said that they would listen 
to me.  He said he was aware of the Lilly mAB,but thinkgs that 
Regeneron is better (Len probably told him so).   POTUS then said get 
both Reg and Lilly an EUA. We are obviously going to have a problem 
since there is not enough data for an EUA.
Mark Meadows called me about what the appropriate PPE would be 
for others to wear around the POTUS when the POTUS returns (today) 
to the WH.   Also, he wanted my opinion of what PPE the Senators who 
are infected or who will be infected should wear when they vote for 
ACA and Supreme Court justice confirmation.
PRESS:  CNN New Day – discussion of my Sammie Award – Federal 
Employee of the Year; WTOP Radio; Times Radio UK; CNN with Chris 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 385 ---
115
Cuomo; The New Yorker Festival – Audio – Biography – “Fauci” on 
YouTube livestream with Michael Specter;   The Sammies presentation 
livestream.   Extraordinary comments by a large number of celebrities: 
https://www.facebook.com/rpublicservice/videos/351805602538815/
October 6, 2020 –  Global -  35,300,000/1,000,000;   USA – 7,400,000/210,000
QUITE A DAY!!
Fauci gets his own action 
figure
BY JUDY KURTZ - 10/06/20 12:23 PM EDT 297
 
 
 
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 386 ---
116
• Fireside Chat for Cornell (Ithaca) Homecoming – Kate Snow
• Holy Cross fireside chat
• Fireside chat with American University Political Union with Sylvia Burwell
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 387 ---
117
Dennis Quaid called to thank me for doing the podcast with him.
Had long conversation by phone with Chris Christie who is in Morristown 
Hospital. I am advising Gov. Christie on his medical course.   He has received 
Remdesivir and is doing fine.   His asthma is acting up, but his O2 is 97-98%.   
Some docs are recommending that he go home since he is doing well.   I told him 
that since he is only 4-5 days into his illness and people crash on day 5 to 8, he 
should stay in hospital instead of going to his beach home.   He should make 
surethat he walks around and treats the hospital like a hotel and not stay in bed to 
avoid thromboembolic phenomenon.   He is really pissed at Trump for his reckless 
behavior and his disregard for infecting others.   Christie is sure that Trump 
infected him since Christie helped prepare  Trump for the Presidential debates.   
Christie want to be the voice opposite to Trump in saying that COVID-19 is 
serious and we should not brag about not dying from it, and we should not 
trivialize it or brag aboutndefeating it since it is still killing 210,00 people in the 
USA.   He related that Trump told him that he was surprised that “strong men like 
you and me got infected”.   Christie told him that it has nothing to do with how 
strong one is.   The virus can infect anyone.
Stephen Miller is infected!  Very strange.   Stephen was exposed to POTUS, 
Hope, others and tested negative by Abbot now, antigen tests and 2 PCR tests over 
the past 6 days.   I had told him that he could re-unite with Katie who is in a hotel.   
He did.   Now he is positive.   In retrospect, he was mildly symptomatic for the 
entire 6 days, but since he tested negative, he felt that he was not infected.   Now 
we know that he was probably infected but his level of virus was so low that it was 
not detected (tells you something about the tests).  Spoke multiple times to Katie 
who is on way to her parents in Florida.   Spoke to her at Houston airport and after 
she landed.   Told her to get tested again (she was negative today by the Abbott 
test).   I warned her that in this political scene, the Dems will ask her if she was 
near the VP (which she was) and whether she is sure that she in not infected from 
Stephen.   They will not believe her unless she gets a PCR test.  Otherwise they 
will say that VP may be a contact who needs to be sidelined for 10 days.   I 
strongly advised her to get a PCR test tomorrow.  The VP debate is tomorrow.
Scott Atlas crossed a line today.   See e-mail below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 388 ---
118
Marc:
   I am sorry to bother you with this as we approach the important VP 
debate, but this needs attention.   You had mentioned to me about 
trying to reconcile differences between the other doctors on the Task 
Force and Dr. Atlas and I told you that I certainly am amenable to doing 
so.   Below is a note that a reporter (Ashley Collman) sent to me asking 
for my response to an interview that she had with Dr. Atlas that they 
are planning on publishing.   I am not planning to respond publicly since 
that would be beneath my dignity.  However, a line has been crossed 
here am I strongly suggest that Dr. Atlas be removed from the Task 
Force and quite frankly from the White House itself.   Not withstanding 
his outrageous comments about me, which are factually incorrect (I 
never said that “everyone should wear goggles” and I never “ridiculed” 
Sen. Paul and I, by the way,  have actually written the book on natural 
immunity), what he has been preaching about public health measures 
has put the POTUS and the White House staff at risk, resulting in the 
infection of our President and several White House staff and other 
government officials.   As I mentioned, I am not going to address this 
publicly, but it must be addressed internally.   Thank you for listening.
Best regards,
Tony
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 389 ---
119
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain 
sensitive information.  It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended 
recipient.  If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it 
from your mailbox or any other storage devices.  The National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the 
sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its 
representatives.  
From: Ashley Collman <acollman@businessinsider.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, October 6, 2020 9:20 AM
To: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] <conradpa@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: Business Insider reporter - request for comment
Hi Patricia, 
My name is Ashley Collman and I'm a reporter for Business Insider. My colleague Hilary said I 
should contact you if I'm trying to offer Dr. Fauci the opportunity to comment on a story. 
I spoke to Dr. Scott Atlas yesterday, who had some things to say about Fauci. 
Atlas slammed Fauci for using "media contacts to make public criticisms of other people out of 
insecurity." 
He also criticized Fauci for saying "everyone should wear goggles" and for "ridiculing" Sen. Rand 
Paul for suggesting that some people have a natural immunity to the virus. 
"To ridicule that statement shows a complete lack of understanding and a lack of the current 
scientific research," Atlas said. 
He added: "I think a lot of the criticism stems from people who are either politically motivated 
or are interested in maintaining their own stature in the public eye." 
Let me know if Fauci would like to say anything in response to these comments from Atlas. 
Best, 
Ashley Collman
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 390 ---
120
Senior News Reporter
Alyssa Farah texted me (at 3:39 PM) and said that Meadows will now prevent Atlas from doing 
any media; however, Atlas appeared on Laura Ingraham (FOX) with misleading statements that 
Influenza was more dangerous for young people than COVID-19.   What a stupid statement!   
And so, it is OK to have the elderly and the 80 million people in USA with underlying conditions 
get seriously ill from COVID just because young people do well (mostly).   Ridiculous.  Deb Birx 
went in to see Meadows and apparently Meadows said he will fix the problem with Atlas, but it 
may take 48 hours.   We shall see.
PRESS:   Podcast with ESPN 30 on 30 – “Day in the Life of Tony Fauci on 
March 11, 2020; 
October 7, 2020 – Global   USA
Alex Azar met yesterday with Atlas and his 3 stooges – Jay Bhattacharya 
(Stanford), Sunetra Gupta (Oxford) and Martin Kulldorff’s (Harvard).    Seems that 
he is buying into Atlas
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 391 ---
121
VP debate tonight between Pence and Harris.    Much more civil than the POTUS 
debates.   Pence did not directly answer several questions using the technique that I 
have seen him use of avoiding answering the questions and talking about 
something else in response to the question.  My name was mentioned multiple 
times during the debate.   Harris said she would take an OVID-19 vaccine if I said 
so, but not if Trump said so.  Also, Pence mentioned my name saying that I said 
that Trump saved many lives by shutting down travel from China.
October 8, 2020 – Global 36,000,000/1,000,000;  USA – 7,500,000/211,100
Below is really October 8, not October 6
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 392 ---
122
Much discussion centered around the upcoming 2nd POTUS debate.   Issue is 
whether Trump (recently infected) can safely do it in person.   The Commission 
wants to do it virtually; however, Trump says he will not debate except in person.  
Mark meadows has called me twice for advice about the CDC guidelines of when a 
person post-infection can safely go out.   The guidelines say 10 days from onset of 
sxs and 2 PCR tests (24 hours apart) that are negative.   His last PCR had a CT of 
28.9.   It needs to be 35 or greater to be considered negative.   More to come.
Great podcast with Bill Gates and Rashida Jones
Now total 34 people infected in the White House super-spreader event in the Rose 
Garden.   Also, Kellyanne and Chris Christie helped him prepare for the debate
PRESS:  Print interview with Italy’s La Repubblica newspaper; Italy TV Sky 
TG24; MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell; Podcast with Rashida Jones and Bill 
Gates; Radio ONE NYC; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff;
Memphis Commercial Appeal:
Dr. Anthony Fauci: a trusted and 
dependable voice during COVID-19 | 
Opinion
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 393 ---
123
With so much false information about the coronavirus 
being thrown at us, Fauci has evolved as a voice we can 
trust. He speaks truth, gives us the facts, and pulls no 
punches.
Lynn Norment
Columnist
October 9, 2020 – Global   USA
We are clearly seeing resurgences in various parts of USA , esp. the upper mid-
west and the Northwest (see below).   This is exactly what we (Deb and I) 
predicted would happen if young people did not abide by public health 
recommendations (masks, crowds, etc).   It also validates my insisting to the VP 
that although I did not like being the “skunk at the picnic”, the upticks in case 
positivity clearly predicted the increase incases → hospitalizations → deaths.   
Also, shows that Atlas and his 3 stooges are completely incorrect.
Gov. Cuomo called me up.  Deb wanted me to speak with him about the surge in 
NYC since she knows that we are friends.   I asked his brother Chris to have him 
call me.   Andrew feels that the NYC surge is driven almost exclusively by the 
Hasidic Jews who feel that they have “herd immunity”.   Obviously they do not 
(see Atlas).   In the middle of the conversation, the POTUS calls me (see below)
POTUS called me this AM at 9:10 AM.  He is still very hyper and is saying that 
the Regeneron product “cured” him.  He had with him on speaker phone Sean 
Conley and the entire Walter Reed team.   He had them say that the drop in viral 
titer from 10 to the 8 to 10 to the 3 was the fastest they have ever seen.   They 
obviously do not have that much experience.  When I asked what the CT was, they 
said it was 33, which means he still has replication virus in his nasopharynx.   
Could be that Dex is slowing the clearance of virus.   He wants me to help get REG 
mAB an EUA to save hundreds of thousands of lives.   He is clearly hyper.   He 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 394 ---
124
told the crew that I was the best persuader in the world.   He used to think that he 
was, but he now feels that he is 2nd.   Weird conversation; friendly, but weird.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 395 ---
125
PRESS: AP video interview with Kelly Daschle; CBS Radio interview; Irish 
Newspaper – Sunday Indepemdent;
October 10, 2020 – 
Multiple calls with Katie Miller, Stephen Mill and Mark Meadows.   Big issues 
is when to get the POTUs back into the public (campaign rallies).   Mark Meadows 
called me about this X2 today.   The POTUS has been 10 day since onset of sxs, 
which is the CDC guideline for being able to return to public.   However, his CT 
was less than 35.   Today it is 34.6, but other viral parameters for replication are 
showing no replication.   I convinced Mark to not allow the POTUS to go to 
Florida today (Saturday) but to wait until Monday and do a Ehite House balcony 
show today.
Also, Stephen Miller is chomping at the bit to get out in public since the campaign 
is short-handed with so many people infected.   Stephen has crazy numbers.   CT 
was 27.8 yesterday and 16 today!.   Looks like a lab error.   Will check again 
tomorrow
GOP campaign put out an ad misleading) having me say that the POTUS did 
everything possible.   The press are calling out the GOP since they know that this 
is totally out of context.   I called Stephen Miller and asked him to look into this.
PRESS:  Continue to do taping for the NAT/GEO documentary as well as the 
60 Minutes Special that will come up next week.   Crazy situation with Alyssa 
Farah and Jon Karl who rally wants me on “This Week” tomorrow (Sunday).   
First she promised him that there wa a 99.5% chance that he could have me.   
She said this on Wednesday.   Jon texted her every day for confirmation and 
she just ignored his texts until it was too late (Saturday afternoon).   Totally 
incompetent and disrespectful to Jon and ABC, but not atypical for them 
(WH Comms)
October 11, 2020 (Sunday)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 396 ---
126
See above re: Jon Karl.   They are completely blocking me for Sunday shows.   
Also, big stink about the POTUS hiding data regarding how infective he might be 
(see above)
Multiple conversation with Sean Conley, docs at Walter Reed and me.   Also, 
Savannah Guthrie representing NBC wants assurances that it is safe for the 
audience that the POTUS does a Town Hall on Thursday (Oct.14).  Mark wants us 
at NIH to repeat the PCR and CT values to get an independent voice here since the 
press does not trust Sean Conley or the Walter Reed people since they believe that 
these folks are afraid of the Commander-in-Chief.   However, Mark does not want 
to admit that we need to go to NIH and so he wants NIH to do the PCR but have 
me not say that it was done at NIH, but only say that I will vouch for the results.   
Really ridiculous.   Cliff will do the swab on Thursday and run it at NIH.
I needed to respond to the misrepresentation of my support forTrump by the GOP 
campaign and so when Kaitlan Collins contacted me about it, I issued a statement 
that she tweeted:
 "In my nearly five decades of public service, I have never publicly endorsed any 
political candidate. The comments attributed to me without my permission in the 
GOP campaign ad were taken out of context from a broad statement I made 
months ago about the efforts of federal public health officials."
It went totally viral on twitter and several networks and cable reported it.   The 
GOP campaign hit back by giving other quotes from me saying that I did indeed 
support what the POTUS was doing.   However, they left out all f my criticisms, 
and besides in none of those quotes did I endorse the POTUS.   Now the GOP 
campaign is tweeting everything that I ever said positive about our effort trying to 
call me a liar about denying that I am favoring Trump.   This is turning into an 
ongoing war between me and the GOP campaign.   Nate Silver tweeted that the 
GOP campaign is really stupid to pick a fight with Tony Fauci just a couple of 
weeks before the election.
Jon Karl called out Alyssa Farah on “This Week” saying that she would not let me 
on the show.   He then asked for any medical or TF person including Redfield, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 397 ---
127
Birx, Hahn, Giroir, or even Pence.   She ignored that and tweeted that Karl did not 
ask for anyone else but me.   Karl got furious and tweeted his tweet to her showing 
her up to be a liar.   She responded and said she must have “missed the text”.
 
PRESS:  
Opinions
Distinguished person of the week: Fauci 
calls out Trump’s recklessness
Opinion by 
Jennifer Rubin
Columnist
Oct. 11, 2020 at 7:45 a.m. EDT
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 398 ---
128
October 12, 2020    Global – 37,400,000/1,100,000;  USA – 7,700,000/214,100
Continued confusion about whether I am allowed on shows.   Jake Tapper was told 
by Alyssa that it is OK to put me on his show.   When Patty and CNN tried to 
make the arrangements, WH comms said that they did not know anything about 
this.  Jon Karl and Wolf Blitzer also trying in vain to get me on.
All day and evening press dominated by the conflict between me and the GOP 
Campaign regarding their campaign ad featuring me.   The press are making 
Trump look very bad saying that trump is not running against Biden, he is running 
against Tony Fauci.
The Epi outbreak situation is deteriorating (See below)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 399 ---
129
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 400 ---
130
PRESS: CNN Jake Tapper – “The Lead”; CNBC – Shepherd Smith; complete 
filming for CBS “60 Minutes” for next week with Jon LaPook;
October 13, 2020 Global    USA
Increases in cases continue (see map below)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 401 ---
131
Mark Meadows has asked me to certify that POTUS is not transmittable for 
SARS-CoV-2.  This relates to the fact that NBC (Savannah Guthrie) execs do not 
want to host the Town Hall with Savannah moderating on Thursday (10/15/2020) 
unless they are sure that POTUS will not infect Savannah or anyone else connected 
with the Town Hall.   I offered to have a PCR done here at NIH and to go over all 
the data with Cliff and certify if appropriate.  Cliff went to WH and Sean Conley 
did nasal swab on POTUS and Cliff brough it back to NIH.   Result was CT of 
34.3.   We then went over all his data including multiple negative cultures and 
multiple negative antigen tests (see attached document) and clinical course of >10 
following onset of sxs and we determined that he was not infectious.   I related this 
to Savannah by phone at 10:00 PM tonight
Summary of 
findings[3].pdf
PRESS: Good Day NY TV with Rosanna Scotto; Public Radio – “The World”
October 14, 2020 – Globus   USA
Very concerned about the uptick of cases throughout the country in ~30+ states, 
which is a good predictor of surges.    Important as we enter Fall and Winter 
Season.   Also, baseline infections are ~40,000 to 50,000/day.  
A FEW DAYS AGO, Julia Roberts sent me beautiful flower arrangement.   I e-
mailed her my thanks. 
Scott Atlas still causing problems with his “herd immunity” issue.
Continued press coverage of tension between me and POTUS
“Barrington Declaration” – Misleading people into thinking that it only measn do 
not close down country and just protect the vulnerable, when in fact is means go 
for herd immunity, which will kill many, many people.
Ha long talk tonight with Jared Kushner asking his help in getting rid of Scott 
Atlas.   Much activity in the community asking Deb and I to threaten to resign if 
the White House does not get rid of Atlas.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 402 ---
132
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 403 ---
133
PRESS:  Major article in Washington Post by Yakamura, Dawsey and 
Yasmeen Abutaleb discussing tension and “feud” between POTUS and me; 
CBS.com live stream with Norah O’Donnell; CBS Evening News; WABC 
Radio Interview – Conversations in Healthcare;
Open discussion of conflict with WH:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 404 ---
134
Trump’s COVID Task Force Is Now Openly 
Rebelling Against Him
From Fauci to Birx to Redfield, the president’s top health officials appear to be at their wits’ 
end. 
Erin Banco
Asawin Suebsaeng
Sam Stein
October 15, 2020 Global    USA
As the election nears, the cases increase and surges are inevitable as we enter 
cooler weather.   Trump is on the campaign trail spewing nonsense.   He is really 
out of control.   A true embarrassment.
I did Face Time and some screen shots with a young boy at Children’s National 
Medical Center who has recurrent brain tumor.   He is from Hollywood, FL.   His 
name is Benjamin.
Chris Christie’s physician called me to ask advice on getting Gov. Christie back 
in circulation following COVID-19.   He still is PCR positive, has been 13 days 
since onset of sxs.   Do not yet know CT level.   I told them to get it and get back 
to me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 405 ---
135
Seems like the POTUS is desperately attacking me.   This from the New York 
Post:
Here's the Trump quote:
"Tony Fauci, he's a nice guy. He said this is not a threat. This is not a problem. Don't worry 
about this...  he said do not wear a mask. Do not wear a mask under any circumstances. Don't 
wear a mask — don't, don't, don't, right? So we don't wear a mask. Then they say, oh wear a 
mask. I never saw, did you ever see any conflicts? but he's a nice guy so I keep him around, 
right? We'll keep him around.
"He is a Democrat. everybody knows that. He's Cuomo's friend. Cuomo did the worst job of any 
governor in the United States. Almost 40,000 people died more, and 11,000 at least — and you 
know I gave him this big convention center, 2,800 beds, he didn't use it. I gave him a ship. I gave 
him the great hospital ship meant for wars... it's incredible, they didn't use it. Instead they sent 
sick people back into nursing homes, right? It's a disgrace."
-- 
Steven Nelson
New York Post
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 406 ---
136
Signal/cell: 202-805-0625
When the POTUS said this to the crowd in North Carolina, as he mentioned my 
name, the crowd booed and he encouraged this.   On the evening cable shows CNN 
Anderson Cooper said this was a terribly childish thing to do to a career public 
servant like me.
PRESS:  Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos (ABC) – I blew 
away the Great Barrington Declaration; Yahoo Finance Interview;  PBS 
Firing Line with Margaret Hoover.
October 16, 2020 – Global    USA
Surges continue.   See Birx slides below
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 407 ---
137
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 408 ---
138
Cases continue to climb:
October 17, 2020  (Saturday)
Got call at 5:53 AM from Deb Birx who reported to me about yesterday’s activities 
at the WH.   Atlas did not come to White House.  However, at the “huddle” in the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 409 ---
139
AM he tried to undermine everything that Deb and I have been saying about how 
to contain the surges.   He explicitly wants to never do contact tracing and never 
isolate any person who is infected.   He feels that this constitutes a “lockdown’ and 
feels that the POTUS does not want to lock down.   We (Deb and I) have 
repetitively said that we do not want to lock down.  Atlas has convinced the entire 
White House.   My conversation with Jared a couple of days ago obviously did not 
convince him since he told Deb yesterday that the POTUS likes differences of 
opinion and so we should just work it out. THIS IS VERY REMINISCENT OF 
AIDS DENIALISM WITH THABO MBEKI when it went beyond differences 
of opinion and >300,000 South Africans died without ART because he 
believed from Duesberg et al that HIV did not cause AIDS
Cases continue to surge (see graph below).   Could possibly start to overwhelm 
hospitals in some more rural areas.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 410 ---
140
October 18, 2020 –  Global – 39,600,000/1,100,000;   USA – 8,100,000/218,500
Surge continues:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 411 ---
141
Baby Blues
by Jerry Scott and Rick Kirkman
Hilarious song about mask wearing:  https://bit.ly/37jp8fs 
Not allowed on any shows.   Meet the Press and Face the Nation asked for me.   
WH gave Alex Azar to Meet the Press
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 412 ---
142
PRESS: (Sunday) –CBS “60 Minutes” with Jon LaPook
October 19, 2020 – Global    USA
Things getting worse and worse, and still the White House espouses the “herd 
immunity” nonsense from Scott Atlas.   I am ashamed of Alex Azar for embracing 
this.
See PRESS below.  Trump is on tear trashing me saying that I am a “disaster”, 
going on about my throwing arm at the Nats opener, tweeting constantly about me, 
saying if he had listened to me 500K people would be dead by now.  Calling the 
Task Force people “idiots” He is really sounding totally crazy.  He must have 
driven over the edge by the incredibly well-received profile of me last night on 
CBS  “60 Minutes”  The response of my supporters with e-mails, texts, and tweets 
has been overwhelming.   Some examples of hundreds of e-mails and texts:   Text 
from Joan Baez – “I hope you’re celebrating.   It’s an honor to be attacked by that 
miserable fuck”.  Text from Hilary Rosen – “14 more days.   Hang in there.   We 
need you.  That fuckhead isn’t fit to tie your shoes.  😊 Xo Hilary”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 413 ---
143
CNN jumped all over zTrump for doing this.
PRESS:  CBS/KNX Radio – Los Angeles; 
Washington Post article describing situation on the TF
Trump’s den of dissent: Inside the White 
House task force as coronavirus surges
By 
Yasmeen Abutaleb, 
Philip Rucker, 
Josh Dawsey and 
Robert Costa
Oct. 19, 2020 at 6:00 a.m. EDT
Trump to campaign staff: "Fauci is a disaster"
From CNN's Kaitlan Collins
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 414 ---
144
October 20, 2020 – Global - 40,300,000/1,100,000;      USA – 8,200,000/220,000
Had call with “Miami Mayors again (Deb and I).   They are starting to see 
upticks in test positivity in certain groups (younger people – 30-40 y.o.), but not 
the general population since they are decreasing the number of tests; however, it 
might not be totally reflective of what is going on.   Gov. DeSantis is legally 
preventing the Mayors from doing what needs to be done.  They cannot close bars 
or restaurants.   DeSantis is preventing them from doing what needs to be done.   
Mayors are frustrated.
Phone call with Governor Inslee (D-WA).  He wants my help in doing a PSA or an 
interview to encourage the people of Washington state to abide by public health 
guidelines since they are experiencing a slight surge in cases when they were 
previously doing very well.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 415 ---
145
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 416 ---
146
PRESS:   Front page articles in the Washington Post and the New York Times 
on Trump attacking me.   See NY Times below by Stolberg, Haberman and 
Weiland; CBS Radio NYC
Trump Calls Fauci ‘a Disaster’ and 
Shrugs Off Virus as Infections Soar
With two weeks remaining in his re-election campaign, President Trump made the 
coronavirus his message and Dr. Anthony S. Fauci his foil, dismissing scientific 
advisers as “these idiots.”
The New York Post:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 417 ---
147
Fauci reportedly quotes ‘The Godfather’ in 
response to Trump criticisms 
By Yaron Steinbuch
October 20, 2020 | 7:00am | Updated 
October 21, 2020   Global – 40,500,000/1,100,000;   USA – 8,200,000/220,400
Se. Patrick Leahy (D-VY) called me to encourage me in light of the POTUS 
attacks on me.   His mother’s side of the family is Italian and he said to me 
“Coraggio” or courage, which his grandmother used to tell him when he was a 
prosecutor in Vermont.
PRESS:  Article in Washington Post by Molly Roberts – “Why Fauci Won’t 
Quit”;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 418 ---
148
Article and cover in Washingtonian magazine:
Washington’s Very Top Top Doctor
Each November, Washingtonian honors the best 
physicians in our region. This year, Anthony Fauci 
deserves special recognition. 
Written by Sherri Dalphonse 
| Published on October 20, 2020 
October 22, 2020 – Global – 41,100,000/1,100,000;  USA – 8,300,000/221,400
Surging continues as does hospitalizations and soon deaths.  Atlas continues to 
spew forth nonsense about letting children and young people get infected and just 
protect the vulnerable.   How do you protect the vulnerable not in nursing homes, 
i.e. in the community.   He feels that wearing masks are worthless and contact 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 419 ---
149
tracing and isolation is actually locking down.   The WH is letting him do this.   
Borders on criminal.
Got call from Mark Meadows from Nashville with the last Presidential debate 
takes place.   Mark said that they want to put up a plexiglass plate between Trump 
and Biden and Trump feels that this is a distraction.   Mark called me to ask my 
opinion and I confirmed that it is unnecessary.   The POTUS is not infected nor is 
Biden.   Mark thanked me and a few minutes later Dr. Kens Sands (Physician for 
the debate) called me at Mark’s suggestion to discuss the details of our data that 
the POTUS is no longer transmissible.   I gave him eth CT number of 34.3 CT and 
the negative antigen tests and cultures.   He was satisfied.   Amazing → POTUS 
days I am an “idiot” and a “Disaster” and then counts on me to verify about his 
health.
October 23, 2020  Global – 41,600,000/1,100,000;   USA – 8,400,000/222,400
Last night was final Presidential Debate.  POTUS still insisting that we are 
turning the corner and all parameters are down.   This is completely untrue as per 
the summary below from Deb Birx.   Also, after the moderator brought up the fact 
that POTUS called me and  others “idiots”  he continues to say that I am a nice guy 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 420 ---
150
but have been wrong many times.   He brings up the “incomplete” quote where I 
say that: “…..at this time, we do not need to do anything different”, yet he leaves 
out the second part of the sentence: “……however, it really is an evolving 
situation, and we have to be prepared for the worst”.  This was a quote from me on 
CNN on January 20, 2020.   On Jan. 21, the 1st travel-related case was detected in 
the USA.   On  Jan. 24 the 2nd travel-related case was detected and on Jan. 30 the 
1st person-to-person spread of SARS-C0V-2 was confirmed in the USA.   
Therefore, I was warning that we needed to be prepared for the worst even before 
the 1st case was detected in the USA.   Also, he said again that I am a Democrat 
and brings up my early (and very brief) statement on masks.   Fact checkers 
showed he lied dozens and dozens of times during the debate.
• Did Fireside Chat with the Aspen Group - Sibelius, Thompson.   Very well 
received.
Had dinner at my home with Jake and Jennifer Tapper.   Relaxed, good time.   Jake clearly 
believes that Trump is totally nuts.
Hit 83,000 new cases today.   The single day record since the beginning of the outbreak:
Surge continues:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 421 ---
151
PRESS:  MSNBC – Chuck Todd – Meet the Press Daily; BBC TV Andrew 
Marr Show; CNN with Erin Burnett
October 24, 2020   Global – 42,100,000/1,100,000;   USA – 8,500,000/223,400
Much discussion in the press that the outbreak is out of control as we enter the 
cooler months.  POTUS keeps saying that we are “turning the corner” and this will 
be under control very soon.   Press pitting this against what I and other credible 
scientists are saying.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 422 ---
152
Adam Silver, Commissioner of NBA, wrote me a nice letter thanking me for 
helpingto make the NBA season successful and safe
October 25, 2020 – Global – 42,500,000/1,100,000;   USA – 8,600,000/224,2200
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 423 ---
153
The slide below demonstrates why it is important to test both symptomatic ad 
asymptomatic people. WH (with pushing by Atlas) is saying you only show test 
symptomatic people,  Colleges are good example  See below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 424 ---
154
Marc Short tests positive for COVID-19.  VP continues to campaign despite 
CDC guidelines about quarantine sine VPO is with Marc constantly.   VP and WH 
saying that VP is “essential personnel” and so an continue his work. Other VP staff 
that are now infected include political advisor Marty Obst; his personal aide Zach 
Bauer, known as a “body man,” who accompanies him throughout his day; and two 
other staff members.
Had conversation with Marc Shot by phone today.   I reached out to him to offer 
any help or advice that he might require.   He was very appreciative.
Mark Meadows on TV with Jake Tapper on SOTI (CNN- Sunday) saying we 
cannot control the  pandemic, but we will fight it with therapies and vaccines.   
This is the Scott Atlas approach.   This is interpreted by many and played up by 
Biden that the administration has essentially “given up” on trying to control the 
pandemic and have admitted failure.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 425 ---
155
Some buzz around my statement on CNN Erin Burnett that I would favor mask 
mandates if people do not voluntarily wear masks.   I clarify with Sheryl Stolberg 
of New York Times that local (state, city, county) mandates (if any) are better than 
national mandate.
Adam Silver (Commissioner of NBA) sent me a letter thanking me for helping to 
make the NBA season successful and safe:
SKM_C754e2010251
5200.pdf
October 26, 2020   Global – 43,000,000/1,200,000;    USA – 8,600,000/224,600
Surging continues:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 426 ---
156
POTUS insists on having large rallies 1 week before the election.   Crowds are 
close together, many without masks.   He is desperate and defiant.
On Friday, October 23, the FDA’s FDA’s Vaccines and Related Biological 
Products Advisory Committee (VRBPAC) held a meeting chaired by Arnold 
Monto of Univ. of Michigan and also member Paul Offit (U Penn) to discuss the 
pros and cons of issuing an EUA after 50 events in a 150 event trial (such as with 
Moderna and Pfizer).   Thankfully, they weighed heavily on keeping the trial going 
and not unblinding it after the first sign of efficacy, which would negate the further 
gathering of important data.  This is exactly what we had hoped for.  Much 
pressure from Trump and Meadows to get an answer quickly or at least promise 
that an answer will come quickly.  With the VRBPAC recommendation, vaccine 
(if effective) would not begin to be distributed before January, and not 
November/December.
Over the weekend Gil Omenn called me and said that he had a recent meeting 
with President Obama and the President did not want to contact me directly sine 
he felt that this might cause me difficulty with the Trump people.   However, he 
wanted Gil to convey to me how proud he was of me for what I have been doing 
and standing for and he wanted to express to me how much he admired me.
• Went to Clinical Center to visit a young woman (Leslie Adelman) who has 
Von Hipple-Lindau disease and had a hemangioblastoma in her cerebellum 
removed last week.   Since she was in the hospital she asked her 
neurosurgeon Dr. Kareem Zaghloul if it were possible to meet me.   I, of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 427 ---
157
course, said yes and went to see her.   Quite a time.  Nurses and physicians 
all wanted pictures with me.   Leslie was delighted.   Made my day.
Sign in Kensington:
. Dr. Anthony Fauci
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 428 ---
158
PRESS:   Yahoo Finance TV;
October 27, 2020 – Global    USA
Surges continue:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 429 ---
159
Great 
Great Fireside Chat with Sharon Lewin et al (Peter Doherty) at Melbourne, 
Australia.  Sharon said that I am a “household name” in Australia.  The 
Australians had zero new infections in the entire city of Melbourne yesterday 
proving that pure public health measures such a mandatory mask wearing 
($1000.00 fine) and avoiding crowds actually works.
Alyssa Farah and Roma Daravi (White House comms) are continuing to jerk 
me around regarding clearances for TV requests.   I get 20 requests and they 
ignore them.   We complain, and then Alyssa says that she has no problem 
with any of them.   “Go ahead and work with Roma to schedule”.   Roma 
gives us one or two and then we do not hear from them (ignore us) for another 
week.   All the while they are approving Azar and other docs on the task force 
(Hahn, Redfield, Adams, etc.)    Clearly, they do not want me on Major TV, 
but are afraid to admit it.   This must be pointed out in the book!
PRESS:  WAMU podcast with Diane Rehm; Carnegie Endowment for 
International Peace – Fireside Chat; Rolling Stone Interview with Jeff 
Goodell
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 430 ---
160
October 28, 2020 – Global   USA
Went on rounds today with a patient with COVID-19 in the SCSU.   When I 
entered the SCSU nurses’ station, the group of 5 nurses screamed in delight that I 
had visited and we took a whole bunch of picture.   Brett Rowland (security) was 
the photographer.
White House still claiming that everything is under control and that all that matters 
is deaths.   That is absurd.   Deaths are in fact increasing; however, they are 
completely disregarding the morbidity associated with getting infected and not 
dying, which could be protracted.
Here’s A Timeline Of President Donald Trump’s And Dr. Anthony Fauci’s 
Relationship.
USA Today (10/28, Behrmann, Santucci, 10.31M) reports, “The relationship between President 
Donald Trump and Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s leading infectious disease expert, has 
publicly eroded as the coronavirus pandemic has raged through the United States, with the two 
officials often disagreeing on issues from what drugs to use and a vaccine timeline to something 
as simple as the fact that COVID-19 isn’t ‘going to disappear.’” According to the article, “over the 
course of the virus’ spread, Trump’s relationship with Fauci, who has worked under both 
Democratic and Republican administrations since 1984, has vacillated from support to disdain.” 
USA Today provides “a timeline of the pandemic, reports about their relationship, and public 
statements from the two men regarding the virus and each other.” 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 431 ---
161
PRESS: Marc Siegal “Doctor Radio” Sirius Radio; Interview with Joel 
Achenbach – Washington Post; JAMA Podcast with Howard Bauchner; BBC 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 432 ---
162
Radio; CNBC – Shepard Smith; Chicago Ideas with Brandis Friedman – Brad 
Keywell;
October 29, 2020 – Global – 44,000,000/1,200,000;    USA – 8,800,000/227,000
POTUS in complete denial that there is a raging pandemic and everything is 
spiking.   He keeps insisting that we have “turned the corner” or “rounding the 
turn”.
Some potentially nefarious stuff going on.   The FDA career scientists are 
hesitant to grant EUAs to Lilly’s and Regeneron’s mAb based on the current data.  
Alex Azar is really pushing them and furious because he thinks FDA is “slow-
walking” the process so as not to have it out before the election in 5 days.   Clearly, 
Alex wants to please the POTUS so that they can say that they have a breakthrough 
(similar to Convalescent plasma nonsense) right before the election.   Azar then 
asked NIH (Collins), CDC (Redfield) and ASPR (Kadlec) to weigh in since the 
legislation that established the EUA process (dating back to the Anthrax situation 
in 2001) requires the CDC, NIH, and ASPR Directors to weigh in on EUA 
decisions (even though they have not done so in the past).   Cliff and I had long 
conversation with Francis on his way down to HHS to discuss with Azar.   We 
encouraged Francis to support the career scientists at FDA since they do not want 
to rush this through.   They need more time to gather important information since 
what they have now is rather weak. 
October 30, 2020 – Global – 44,600,000/1,200,000;   USA -8,900,000/228,100
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 433 ---
163
• Did Fireside chat with Silicon Valley leadership Group Annual Forum
• Was on Governors call led by Azar.  After call Gov. Greg Abbott called me 
to ask about availability of mAbs
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 434 ---
164
Kelly Ripa throws her support behind coronavirus task 
force leader Dr. Anthony Fauci by stepping out in a 
sweater bearing immunologist's name
By David Lawrance and Christine Rendon For Dailymail.com 
Published: 23:12 EDT, 29 October 2020 | Updated: 23:12 EDT, 29 October 2020 
Earlier this month she had her own brush with COVID-19, when her Live With Kelly And Ryan 
co-host Ryan Seacrest had to be tested for the virus. 
Following Ryan's thankfully negative result, Kelly Ripa gave a nod to one of the faces of the U.S. 
Government's coronavirus taskforce when she stepped out in New York City in a statement 
garment on Thursday.
The TV personality, 50, donned a white sweater bearing the name 'FAUCI,' an apparent 
reference to the famed immunologist Dr. Anthony Fauci, who has become something of a folk 
hero in the midst of America's coronavirus pandemic.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 435 ---
165
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 436 ---
166
PRESS:
Familiar Fauci anecdotes, told 
with a Brooklyn accent
Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, 
has been in the spotlight during the coronavirus pandemic. President Trump 
recently called him a “disaster”; the same day, Fauci received a leadership award 
from the National Academy of Medicine. (Photo by Erik S. Lesser/EPA-
EFE/Shutterstock)
By 
Amy Goldstein
Amy Goldstein is The Washington Post’s national health-care policy writer. 
During her three decades at The Post, her stories have taken her from 
homeless shelters to Air Force One, often focused on the intersection of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 437 ---
167
politics and public policy. She is the author of "Janesville: An American 
Story."
Oct. 30, 2020 at 8:00 a.m. EDT
Months before travel was hobbled by coronavirus fears, I was returning 
home one evening from Raleigh-Durham International Airport when I 
noticed a familiar figure at the gate — slight, bespectacled, hair side-parted 
and gray. Anthony S. Fauci and I have spoken now and then over the years, 
and we began to chat. When it was time to board, it turned out our seats 
were adjacent. So, I was treated to vivid war stories about the arc of his 
medical and scientific work in infectious diseases, and about his 
interactions with a succession of presidents during the AIDS crisis.
New York Times – 10/29/2020 – Thomas Kaplan:
Mr. Biden has also signaled that Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the 
government’s top infectious disease expert, will have a prominent 
role in a Biden administration. The Biden campaign has said Dr. 
Fauci, the longtime head of the National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases, “will have full access to the Oval Office and an 
uncensored platform to speak directly to the American people — 
whether delivering good news or bad.” — Thomas Kaplan and 
Abby Goodnough
October 31, 2020 – Global – 45,400,000/1,200,000;  USA – 9,020,000/229,100
Surging continues to accelerate 3 days before the election.   Trump out on 
campaign trail with big crowds, many who do not wear masks.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 438 ---
168
Almost at the 100,000 per day level that I predicted at the Senate Hearing a 
few months ago:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 439 ---
169
Tonight, I virtually received the Leonardo da Vinci Award of the National Italian 
American Foundation at their Virtual Gala online from 6:30 PM to 8:30 PM.  
Hosted by Pat Harrison, Joe Piscopo and Maria Bartiromo.   There was a 
wonderful series of testimonials to me from an amazing group of people: Robert 
DeNiro, Al Pacino, Leonardo DiCaprio, Francis Ford Copolla, President George 
W. Bush, Bono, John Turturro, Neil Sedaka, Dion DiMucci wrote and sang a song 
to me, Maria Tomei (she also grew upon Bensonhurst and commented about that), 
Isabella Rossilini, Mike Piazza, among many others.   Very moving and humbling
PRESS:  ONLINE version of Washington Post article came out this evening 
(se below).   Firestorm started.   Apparently, the Post called the White House 
to inform them of my “negative towards the WH” interview.   Mark Meadows 
called Collins (supposedly he tried to contact me but told Francis I did not 
answer my phone.   He likely called my office phone that I no longer answer).   
He yelled at Francis saying that he has not seen the article yet but he has 
heard that I solicited an interview with the Post and did so without clearance.  
Francis called me and ascertained that in fact they called me and I did get 
clearance.   See below (Sunday).
November 1, 2020 – Global – 45,900,000/1,200,000;   USA – 9,110,000/230,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 440 ---
170
Big ISSUE!! – Blockbuster situation in Washington Post in an interview that I 
gave on Friday evening to Josh Dawsey and Jasmeen Abutaleb.   I spoke about the 
fact that cases were dramatically increasing throughout the country (see prior days 
above) and that we needed to do something different like doubling down on public 
health measures.   I also strongly blasted Scott Atlas.   In the article, much to my 
dismay, Dawsey (less than Abutaleb) wanted to keep the word “seriously in a 
passage that I thought was off the record, but he said that it was not (I am pissed at 
him).   Here is the passage: Fauci said former vice president Joe Biden’s campaign “is taking 
it seriously from a public health perspective.” Trump, Fauci said, is “looking at it from a different 
perspective.” He said that perspective was “the economy and reopening the country.”.  
 Also, in the article. Judd Deere blasted me saying I was being political:
Judd Deere, a White House spokesman, offered blistering criticism of Fauci for his comments in a 
statement to The Washington Post on Saturday. Deere said Fauci “knows the risks [from the 
coronavirus] today are dramatically lower than they were only a few months ago.”
“It’s unacceptable and breaking with all norms for Dr. Fauci, a senior member of the President’s 
Coronavirus Task Force and someone who has praised President Trump’s actions throughout 
this pandemic, to choose three days before an election to play politics,” Deere said. “As a 
member of the Task Force, Dr. Fauci has a duty to express concerns or push for a change in 
strategy, but he’s not done that, instead choosing to criticize the President in the media and 
make his political leanings known by praising the President’s opponent — exactly what the 
American people have come to expect from The Swamp.”
I thought that I was in big trouble.   However, some interesting things happened.   Alyssa Farah 
texted me at 7:00 AM on Sunday and said:  
I am so sorry that fool Scott Atlas keeps attacking you. I’m even more sorry I’m not 
in a better position of influence to see him out the door. I’m trying to make people 
see he’s a disaster.
I immediately called her up and explained that I was not pitting my support for 
Biden over the POTUS.   She understood perfectly and said she totally supported 
me and thanked me for what I do.
Then, at 9:30 AM, the POTUS called me from Air Force One.  We had a 15 minute 
conversation where he did his usual rambling.  He started by saying that I really 
need to be positive.  “Tony, I really like you, and you know that, but what the fuck 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 441 ---
171
are you doing?   You constantly drop bombs on me.   Everybody wants me to fire 
you, but I am not going to fire you, you have too illustrious a career, but you have 
to be positive.   The country cannot stay locked down.  (I never said that we 
should lock down).   You have got to give them hope.   I like you but so many 
people, not only in the White House, but throughout the country hate you 
because of what you are doing.   I am going to win this fucking election by a 
landslide.   Just watch.   I always did things my way. And I always win, no matter 
what all these other fucking people think.   And that fucker Biden.   He is so 
fucking stupid.   You are 10 times smarter than he is.   I am going to kick his 
fucking ass in this election.  I will win by a landslide.   Just wait and see.  I will win 
Florida, Pennsylvania, Ohio, all the key states.   Just wait and see. The smallest 
crowd that I had was 25,000 people.   Biden had 5 people blowing their fucking 
horns in their cars.   Tony, you have to be positive.  I do not want to keep you off 
TV, but when you are out there, you have to be positive. (I tried to interject some 
words that I am being positive by telling people what they need to do to avoid 
infection – he heard none of it and just kept talking over me.   He did not seem 
hostile, but he was just rambling).   Then when he was finished, he said: “OK, 
Tony, I will see you in a couple of days.   Take care”. 
Although I do not think that I will be fired, I am not out of danger just yet.
Another crazy thing.   Scott Atlas did an interview from the White House with 
Russian Television blasting the response of the USA scientists (including me).   
CNN is jumping all over this.
PRESS:
‘A whole lot of hurt’: Fauci warns of covid-
19 surge, offers blunt assessment of 
Trump’s response
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 442 ---
172
Josh Dawsey and 
Yasmeen Abutaleb
Oct. 31, 2020 at 7:00 p.m. EDT
President Trump’s repeated assertions the United States is “rounding the turn” on the novel 
coronavirus have increasingly alarmed the government's top health experts, who say the 
country is heading into a long and potentially deadly winter with an unprepared government 
unwilling to make tough choices.
CNN Blog:
White House unleashes on Fauci after 
criticism of Atlas and Trump's pandemic 
response
By Kelly Mena
Cartoon pitting me against Trump:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v= oCS-1w-OdU
Nov. 2, 2020 – Global     USA
During rally in Florida, the crowd started chanting “Fire Fauci” and the POTUS 
said: “Don’t tell anybody but let me wait til a little after the election.   I appreciate 
your suggestion”.   I got dozens of texts immediately following the posting of the 
tweet from people lending me their support and horror about what he is suggesting.  
Interesting that he told me yesterday that he is not going to fire me.
Many kids dressed up as me for their Halloween costumes:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 443 ---
173
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 444 ---
174
Nice talk with Marc Short today.   He is totally supportive as is (as he says) the 
VP.   I continue to get dozens of e-mails and texts of support from all over the 
world.  The press is all over this.
Rosa DeLauro just called me and said: “We all love you.   Fuck him.   There is no 
way in the world we are going to let him fire you.”
PRESS:  Multiple stories running now about the threat to fire me.
November 3, 2020 – Election day!!
Red hot discussions in press of POTUS firing me.  Dominating the news.  Also, 
someone leaked one of Deb’s daily briefing (see right above) making it look like 
she is bucking the POTUS similar to what I did in the Post on Friday.
Lincoln Project (Republicans against Trump) says: You have a choice on election 
day.   Either fire Fauci or Trump.   Who do you want to fire?  
Unfortunately, I am right in the middle of the fight for a Presidential election.   
YIKES!!!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 445 ---
175
Harrison Ford And Lincoln Project Back 
Anthony Fauci, Advocate Firing Donald 
Trump
By Ted Johnson, Dominic Patten
November 2, 2020 5:48pm
Important situation evolved today.   White House (meadows) clais that 
Washington Post (Dawsey) told him that I initiated the interview from Friday.   
NOIT SO!!!    E-mail below is self-explanatory:
Brian:
    As per our recent telephone conversation, let me summarize.   Francis Collins 
called me this afternoon after his regularly scheduled meeting with the 
Secretary.   Apparently, the Secretary is under the impression (someone related 
this to him) that I initiated the interview with the Washington Post that is now so 
controversial.   That is categorically incorrect and I have proof of that.  The e-mail 
below indicate that the reporter Josh Dawsey reached out to me for an 
interview  (e-mail below dated October 29, 2020 at 11:48 AM).   I did what I 
always do and requested  clearance.   The e-mails below show that this occurred 
and I was cleared to speak with him.   I would like very much to clear up this 
misunderstanding that I reached out to the reporter, which I absolutely did 
not.   Please read the e-mail chain from bottom up.  Many thanks.
Best regards,
Tony
From: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] <conradpa@niaid.nih.gov> 
Sent: Tuesday, November 3, 2020 3:55 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: Fwd: CLEARED - RE: Covid -- WashPost request
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 446 ---
176
Sent from my iPhone
Begin forwarded message:
From: "Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]" <conradpa@niaid.nih.gov>
Date: October 31, 2020 at 4:09:33 PM EDT
To: "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]" <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: Fwd:  CLEARED - RE: Covid -- WashPost request
 
Sent from my iPhone
Begin forwarded message:
From: "Leifman, Laura (NIH/NIAID) [E]" <laura.leifman@nih.gov>
Date: October 30, 2020 at 10:21:52 AM EDT
To: "Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E]" <billetc@niaid.nih.gov>, "Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E]" 
<conradpa@niaid.nih.gov>, NIAID OCGR NSWB <NIAIDOCGRNSWB@mail.nih.gov>
Cc: "Routh, Jennifer (NIH/NIAID) [E]" <jennifer.routh@nih.gov>
Subject: CLEARED - RE: Covid -- WashPost request
 
Patty, ASF is cleared to talk with Josh Dawsey.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------
From: "Lemar, Naweed (OS/ASPA)" <Naweed.Lemar@hhs.gov>
Date: October 30, 2020 at 10:19:38 AM EDT
Subject: Re:  Interview request:  COVID-19 as we head toward winter
 Ok
V/R,
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 447 ---
177
Naweed Lemar
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
Direct: 202-260-6962
Mobile: 202-816-2427
Email: naweed.lemar@hhs.gov
 
From: Leifman, Laura (NIH/NIAID) [E] <laura.leifman@nih.gov> 
Sent: Friday, October 30, 2020 9:19 AM
To: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E] <billetc@niaid.nih.gov>; Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<conradpa@niaid.nih.gov>; NIAID OCGR NSWB <NIAIDOCGRNSWB@mail.nih.gov>
Cc: Routh, Jennifer (NIH/NIAID) [E] <jennifer.routh@nih.gov>
Subject: RE: Covid -- WashPost request
 
This is in clearance now. 
 
From: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] <conradpa@niaid.nih.gov> 
Sent: Friday, October 30, 2020 6:51 AM
To: NIAID OCGR NSWB <NIAIDOCGRNSWB@mail.nih.gov>
Cc: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E] <billetc@niaid.nih.gov>; Routh, Jennifer (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<jennifer.routh@nih.gov>
Subject: FW: Covid -- WashPost request
 
Please send for asap clearance. Hoping to do today
 
From: Auchincloss, Hugh (NIH/NIAID) [E] <auchinclossh@niaid.nih.gov> On Behalf Of Fauci, 
Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Sent: Thursday, October 29, 2020 11:49 AM
To: Billet, Courtney (NIH/NIAID) [E] <billetc@niaid.nih.gov>; Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<conradpa@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: FW: Covid -- WashPost request
 
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 448 ---
178
 
From: Dawsey, Joshua <josh.dawsey@washpost.com> 
Sent: Thursday, October 29, 2020 11:48 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: Covid -- WashPost request
 
Hi Dr. Fauci,
Josh Dawsey from the Washington Post again. Hope you are well.
My colleague Yasmeen Abutaleb and I are working on a story about what the 
pandemic is likely to look like this fall/winter -- and what the administration 
should be doing about it. Wonder if you could answer a few questions.
 
1. Have you briefed the president on the spike in cases in recent weeks, and 
have you prescribed any course of action that you think is best to contain 
the virus? If so, what is the action?
2. What are you projecting as far as cases and deaths this fall?
3. In what ways is the country better prepared to handle this wave of cases? 
In what ways is the country worse prepared to handle this wave of cases? 
I'd love to get as granular as possible here. 
4. Why does the coronavirus task force meet less frequently than it once did? 
Do you have access to high-level decision makers at the White House as 
you once did? 
5. What did you think of Mark Meadows comment that we can't control the 
virus? Was that good public health messaging? What about the president's 
comments that covid is overblown and that coverage of covid -- and the 
dangers of the disease itself -- will recede after Election Day?
6. Have you warned the White House or the campaign, besides your public 
comments, about the dangers of these large rallies?
7. Have you spoken to anyone on the Biden transition team about controlling 
the pandemic, should he win?
8. Do you believe the president is getting good health advice from Dr. Scott 
Atlas? We are told you have repeatedly disagreed with Atlas. Is that true? If 
so, why?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 449 ---
179
9. We are told that you wanted to appear on television in upcoming weeks to 
warn the country about the disease this winter, but were scuttled from 
doing some appearances. Is that true? If so, do you know why?
If you have a second, I'm also happy to talk by phone. Just figured you might be 
busy. I'm at 843-267-6747.
PRESS:  News of the day dominated by press indicating me versus the 
POTUS and the story that he is going to do a purge even if he is not re-elected 
and that the purge will start with me.   Front page in Washington Post;
Politico: Politics
Trump threatens to fire Fauci ‘after the 
election’
By Lev Facher @levfacher 
Jimmy Kimmel: [On Trump casually alluding that he is thinking of firing Dr. Fauci] “Firing Dr. 
Fauci, that’s a smart move. He’s the only good person in the whole Administration. But go 
ahead and fire him, because a group of people who sell nightcrawlers out of their vans started a 
chant.”
November 4, 2020   Global – 47,400,000/1,200,000;     USA – 9,400,000/232,000
Surging continues.  Predictions that we will have 1000 deaths/day for the next 
couple of months if things do not change
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 450 ---
180
In the AM, election still too close to call – Biden – 224; Trump – 213 at 5:30 AM
Biden picking up numbers as the day goes on.  5 critical states.  Trump already 
claiming fraud.   Wants to stop counting in the “mail-in” states since the counting 
is going against him.   Threatens to bring to Supreme Court even though it was 
agreed upon by the states that all votes would be counted.
Photo below from Liz Sabo:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 451 ---
181
PRESS:
2020 election results may influence 
Trump's treatment of Dr. Fauci. That 
matters.
If Trump does succeed in silencing Fauci somehow, it would come at a particularly precarious 
time for America.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 452 ---
182
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.Frankie 
Alduino / Redux Pictures
Fauci has spent the past few months speaking up about the stark realities of the pandemic — 
honesty that is out of step with the White House's messaging and which seems to have resulted 
in his being sidelined. But Fauci's true courage and wisdom are most evident in how he has 
managed to strike a difficult balance: avoiding overt political attacks while still speaking truth to 
power. By walking this very tricky line, Fauci has probably avoided getting kicked off the 
coronavirus task force, ensuring that he could continue working from within the administration. 
This couldn't have been easy.
I don't think the Trump administration realizes how much this unassuming and kind man 
embodies scientific excellence. But he's also got backup. There is a legion of citizen scientists, 
public health experts and medical workers who aren't giving up. Silencing one man, even a 
giant in the field of infectious diseases, won't silence those in our field. For months, efforts like 
the 
Johns Hopkins COVID-19 Dashboard, the COVID Tracking Project and others have been 
providing the kinds of critical intelligence that should have been coming directly from the CDC. 
Over the last few months, our professional societies have started to become vocal advocates 
for evidence-based action, calling out this administration's deceptive and false claims. Long-
standing and revered scientific publications have come out against Trump for his lack of 
leadership and respect for science.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 453 ---
183
Nov. 4, 2020, 6:19 AM EST
By Dr. Nahid Bhadelia, infectious diseases physician and NBC News/MSNBC medical contributor
Picture of me in the editorial page with statemen that I should be heeded and not fired.
November 5, 2020 – Global – 47,900,000/1,200,000;     USA – 9,500,000/233,000
Yesterday number of cases in single day hit 100,000 as per my Senate Hearing 
prediction!!
Biden at 253 electoral votes.   Closing in on victory.   Trump threatening to sue in 
several states and let the courts decide.   He has no case, but anything can happen.
POTUS on TV tonight saying that all the mailed in ballots that are going Biden’s 
wayare illegal.   He is making no sense.   He wants to stop the counting in 
Pennsylvania and Georgia where he is ahead but Biden is rapidly catching up as 
mailed in ballots are being counted.  Trump told his followers to vote in person and 
so that is why he took the early lead.   However, many democrats mailed in and 
that is why their votes are no turning things around.   Biden is leading in Arizona 
and Nevada and so Trump is OK with continuing the voting there.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 454 ---
184
Did a Fireside Chat with UCLA Health interviewed by Judith Currier.   Also, big 
surprise, Karem Abdul-Jabar was on and said “from one basketball player to 
another” thank you for all you have done.  He kidded me about my errant pitch at 
the Nats opener.
Steve Bannon said on his radio show with a guest that someone should behead me 
and FBI Director Wray and put our heads on a spike as an example to Federal 
bureaucrats/
Steve Bannon and his co-host discuss 
beheading Dr. Anthony Fauci and FBI 
Director Christopher Wray 
Bannon: “I'd put the heads on pikes, right, I'd put them at the two corners of the White House 
as a warning to federal bureaucrats” 
Written by Media Matters Staff
 
 
Kyle Griffin
￿@kylegriffin1￿
Twitter has banned an accoun
t associated with Steve 
Bannon and YouTube removed one of his videos after 
Bannon called for the beheadings of two federal 
officials. nbcnews.com/politics/2020-…
 
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 455 ---
185
11/5/20, 8:20 PM
 
Got call from Ron Klain this evening.  Ron mentioned that Biden will give a 
speech tonight and he wanted to mention in the speech that I am his top person on 
health issues and outbreaks.   However, he did not want to cause me trouble with 
Trump and so he asked if it was OK with me.   I told Ron that I likely would be 
fired within 15 minutes of Biden saying that in the speech and so please do not.   
Ron agreed and said that Biden wanted me to know that even though he is not 
saying it, be assured that I am his point main when it comes to COVID or any 
other infectious diseases issues.   I told Ron that I cannot wait to work with him 
and Biden.   He said they could not wait to have me.
November 7, 2020 – Global - 49,100,000/1, 200,000;   USA – 9,700,000/236,000
Every day, a new record is set.
Election called for Biden!!!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 456 ---
186
138,000 cases yesterday with >1100 deaths.   My prediction of “A whole lot of 
hurt coming our way as we enter the cooler months of the Fall and colder months 
of the winter”   
Am getting many calls from the press about whether I have been contacted by 
Biden’s team.   All my responses have been…..”no comment”
Now you can determine your level of 
Fauci with this handy meme
A public health professor memed Anthony Fauci’s facial 
expressions to gauge her students’ moods
By Kim Lyons  Nov 2, 2020, 1:30pm EST
Share this story
• S h a r e  t h i s  o n  F a c e b o o k  ( o p e n s  i n  n e w  w i n d o w )• S h a r e  t h i s  o n  T w i t t e r  ( o p e n s  i n  n e w  w i n d o w )• S H A R E A l l  s h a r i n g  o p t i o n s
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 457 ---
187
Dr. Anthony Fauci says a lot with his facial expressions. Photo by Al Drago / Pool / Getty Images
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 458 ---
188
Anthony Fauci is probably one of the most recognizable faces of the 
coronavirus pandemic in the US. So when a public health expert needed a 
way to measure how her students were coping with all of the stresses of 
2020, she created a chart to gauge their “level of Fauci.”
“We all kind of need something that’s positive, that makes sense to us,” 
Karen Sautter Errichetti, an assistant professor in public health and 
community medicine at Tufts University School of Medicine, said. She’d 
noticed that her community of public health and medical professionals was 
feeling pretty depressed. So to lighten the mood and get the students 
interested, she and her co-instructor Reece Lyerly start every class with a 
meme of some sort.
Nothing caught on quite like the Fauci meter, which she introduced to her 
students back in September. The hardest photo to find was one of Fauci 
full-on smiling, she notes.
PRESS:
Steve Bannon Loses Lawyer After 
Suggesting Beheading of Fauci
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 459 ---
189
Mr. Bannon, the former adviser to President Trump, said the heads of the F.B.I. director and Dr. 
Anthony Fauci should be put on pikes, leading Twitter to ban one of his accounts.
November 8, 2020 (Sunday) – Global    USA
Call from Deb Birx concerned (as I am) of the potential dissociation of what we 
will be doing with the TF until January 20 and what Biden’s people are planning 
via their Task Force.   Since I am/will be on both, perhaps I can convince them to 
form some sort of collaborative transition to smoothly address the coming 90 days.
Trump vowing to fight until the end.   He claims that he won.
Also, Deb mentioned to me that Jared, Marc Short and the VP are trying to “talk 
down” the POTUS from attempting to discredit the election and create havoc that 
will go nowhere.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 460 ---
190
Cases are now exploding throughout the country.   Every day a new record is 
set!!   Clearly, the Atlas strategy that once an area is hit hard, they are 
protected against the next surge is utter nonsense.   Areas are surging that got 
hit previously and so no herd immunity with 25% of people infected.
Received a call at 7:45 PM from Albert Bourla (CEO of Pfizer) informing me 
that the DSMB looked at the data of 94 infections (first interim look) from 
their mRNA vaccine and the results were 4 infections in vaccine and 90 in 
placebo for a 95% efficacy!!!!    This will be announced tomorrow.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 461 ---
191
November 9, 2020 -  Global – 50,300,000/1,300,000;   USA – 10,000,000/238,000
Has Task Force meeting today.   First one since October 20.   VP Pence seemed in 
good spirits and stated that we will either be here for an additional 90 days or for 4 
more years.  Whichever it is, we will do our job.   He did say that we will make 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 462 ---
192
sure that “every legal vote gets counted”.   I was surprised that there was not even 
a hint in Pence’s voice that declaring the vaccine successful a few days AFTER the 
election was a conspiracy of some sort.   I have not even heard any of that from the 
Oval Office.   Let us see over the next couple of days.
PRESS:   CNN with Wolf Blitzer
November 10, 2020 – Global – 50,500,000/1,300,000;  USA – 
10,000,000/238,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 463 ---
193
Patterns are the same.   Weekends see a dip in cases due to lack of weekend 
reporting.   Then we get into the week and we break daily records.   Country still 
on fire and getting worse.  122,000 cases yesterday!
POTUS still insisting that the GOP won the election.   Completely alternate 
universe.   Kayleigh and GOP Senators (Graham, McConnell, Ted Cruz) all 
prostituting themselves by supporting the POTUS’s baseless claims.   Heading 
towards a constitutional crisis.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 464 ---
194
See below the states that are increasing:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 465 ---
195
Janet Tobias interviewed President George W. Bush for her documentary and he 
was really funny.   He sent me a message “…..hang in there; the country needs 
you” and he said “…I would have been able to kick your ass in running; the 
security detail used to be not able to keep up.   I hear that you power walk now and 
I damn sure can’t run anymore at 74, let alone 79”. 😊
I received virtually a citation from Eric Adams Borough President of Brooklyn at a 
ceremony on the steps of Borough Hall.   It was called COVID Heroes.    The other 
heroes cheered me on during my acceptance speech.
Had my every 2 week meeting with the David Barr-organized people in the 
trenches to talk about the dire situation with >100,000 infections per day and major 
increases in hospitalizations: LaQuandra Nesbitt (DC), Alison Arwady (Chicago), 
Sharon Balter (LA), Jeff Duchin (Seattle), Demetre Daskalakis (NYC), Preetha 
Iyengar (NOLA).   Clearly Scott Atlas is dead wrong.
PRESS: MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell; Connecticut East – NOVA podcast; 
CNN Jake Tapper – “The Lead”; Interview with Sheryl Stolberg (New York 
Times)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 466 ---
196
November 11, 2020 – Global    USA
Steady surges continue with 10 days in a row of>100,000 cases/day.
Trump fired Sec Mark Esper and several DoD civilian officials (high ranking) have 
resigned.   Fear is that Trump is stacking the DoD with loyalists if he really wants 
to do a coup and steal the election/democratic process.  Very scary times.   The 
GOP leadership that are backing Trump (McConnell, McCarthy, Jordan, Blount) 
are incredibly shameful.   Reminds me historically of Hitler getting duly elected to 
Chancellorship and then forcibly taking over the country.   Amazing!!
Scott Atlas criticized me to Politico (see below).   I e-mailed Alyssa Farah and told 
her that this was unacceptable.   She wrote back to me (see below) saying she 
would take care of this.   Within 30 minutes, Atlas called me up and said that we 
should stop criticizing each other and that he is extremely qualified and I need to 
recognize this.   I was gracious and said let us agree to say that we just have 
differences in opinion and interpretation of data and stop any personal attacks.   In 
fact, he really does not know what he is talking about, but I am not going to battle.
coronavirus
‘A political animal’: Atlas attacks Fauci, escalating feud 
between Trump’s pandemic advisers
The remarks represent a continuation of the criticism Trump leveled at Fauci in the run-up to 
last week’s election.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 467 ---
197
Dr. Scott Atlas, a top coronavirus adviser to President Donald Trump, is a physician with no 
expertise in infectious diseases or epidemiology. | Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images
By QUINT FORGEY
11/11/2020 07:47 AM EST
Email from Alyssa Farah:
I Will immediately raise with Dr Atlas. This is unacceptable. He goes rogue and it’s wildly 
unhelpful. I’m so sorry you have to deal with this. I’ve advocated for his dismissal for months to 
no avail.. 
Sent from my iPhone
Got call from VP Pence at 1:10 PM today.  He wanted to tell me how much he 
respected me as a scientist and as a person.   He heard that I had called Marty Obst 
every day while he was ill with COVID-19 as well as my calling Marc Short every 
day.   He thought that this was wonderful.   Also, he liked my recent messaging 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 468 ---
198
that “help is on the way with a vaccine” and so we should all hang in there with 
public health measures.   Very nice call!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 469 ---
199
PRESS:  Fireside Chat with Financial Times – Hannah Kuchler; interview 
with INSERM regarding my INSERM Award
November 11, 2020 – Global – 51,800,000/1,300,000;  USA – 
10,300,000/241,100
140,000 case yesterday; 60,000 hospitalizations; 1300 deaths
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 470 ---
200
PRESS:  Good Morning America with Robyn Roberts; Vice News with Liz 
Landers; Chatham House with Emma Ross and David Heymann; American 
Philosophical Society Fireside Chat with Mark Thompson; VICE TV 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 471 ---
201
interview; Sinclair TV Broadcasting – Jan Jeffcoat; Reuters healthcare 
Forum – Julie Steenhuysen; 2020 Ignatius Forum at the National Cathedral 
(covered by all the TV networks) 
Politico (see below)
Fauci and Biden team steer clear of each other — for 
now
Biden’s transition team must plan for a crisis response without access to essential 
information about the nation’s supply chains and testing supplies.
Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, testifies on 
Capitol Hill. | Alex Edelman/Pool via AP
By SARAH OWERMOHLE, ADAM CANCRYN and DAN DIAMOND
11/11/2020 06:33 PM EST
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 472 ---
202
November 13, 2020 – Global -  USA – 
Pandemic surge continues.   Curve is exponential
Moving along with the deployment of vaccine, Pfizer is putting in for their EUA.   
There should be 20 million doses of vaccine ready to deploy in December.   
Moderna will be doing the initial examination of data within days and likely will 
have comparable efficacy data to Pfizer.   Their will have 15 million doses for 
deployment in December.   Thus, 20 + 15 = 40 million doses for 15 - 20 million 
people in December.   Aim to is get nursing homes (NH) covered quickly.   1.5 
million people in NHs + 1.5 million staff = 3 million people (6 million doses)
• Did major photo shoot with People Magazine
Ron Klain called me up.   He said that he wanted to ensure me that I have  friend in the COS to 
the POTUS.   He asked for suggested candidates for CDC.   I recommended: Rochelle Walensky, 
Ashish Jha, Rich Besser, Carlos Del Rio, Josh Sharfstein (Ron feels that he would be better  for 
FDA – I agreed).
POTUS had press conference today with the OWS people (Slaoui and Perna and Azar) – 
Trump spouted how well we are doing here in the USA.   After that he had Slaoui talk about the 
success of the vaccines (Pfizer and Moderna) which is good news
PRESS:   CBS This Morning;
November 14, 2020 – Global – 53,200,000/1,300,000;    USA – 
10,700,000/244,000
Still raging – 184,000 cases yesterday (Friday) and 69,000 hospitalizations; 
>1400 deaths).   Every day is a record.   Hospitals soon to run out of ICU beds and 
personnel.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 473 ---
203
Crazy situation of Trump supporters including “Proud Boys” marching on DC to 
protest that Biden “stole the election”
Did major photo shoot with Bloomberg News in anticipation of being one of the 50 
most influential people in 2020.
Did the first Saturday morning (10:00 AM) meeting with Janssen, similar to what 
we did for several weeks with Moderna to help them and encourage them to get 
good diversity in their clinical trials.  For NIH, it was Francis, Cliff, me, Kim 
Taylor from DMID, Gary Gibbons.   For Janssen, it was Paul Stoffels, Johan van 
Hoof, Peter Ronco, Mathai Mammen, Najat Khan, Stacy Hargraves.
ENSEMBLE is the Phase 3 trial for the Janssen candidate.
PRESS:  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 474 ---
204
Joe Biden and Dr. Fauci praise 
the work of Jesuit Refugee 
Service
Michael J. O’Loughlin November 12, 2020
November 15, 2020 – 
Surge continues.   244,000 deaths (1300 yesterday); 10,900,000 infections, 
167,000 cases yesterday.
Big issue now is the logistics of distribution of the vaccine.   Locals are saying that 
the USG has not given them enough money (bullions instead of hundreds of 
millions) to be able to distribute the vaccine.
Crazy Scott Atlas is out there urging people of Michigan to “rise up” against the 
restrictions put on by the Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer to quell the 
outbreak.   WH Comms still lets him out despite the fact that Alyssa tells me she 
thinks he is destructive.   Clearly someone (POTUS, Meadows) wants him out 
there:
Trump coronavirus adviser Scott Atlas urges 
Michigan to 'rise up' against new Covid-19 
measures
By Paul LeBlanc and Jeremy Diamond, CNN
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 475 ---
205
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 476 ---
206
DSMB for Moderna met today!  Wonderful results.   95 events.  5 in the vaccine group and 
90 in the placebo group. Point efficacy = 94.5%; P = 10-15 ;  11 severe events – 11 in 
placebo, 0 in vaccine.   Effect consistent across all subgroups and ages.  Press 
announcement tomorrow
Doing several embargoed interviews this evening.
PRESS:  CNN State of the Union with Jake Tapper
November 16, 2020 – Global – 54,300,000/1,300,000;  USA – 
11,000,000/246,000
Continual surge:  138,000 new infections yesterday.   POTUS has no interest at all 
in the Pandemic.   He is focusing on blocking Biden from being POTUS.   He is 
embarrassing the USA.   However, 72,000,000 voted for him.   Difficult to 
understand.  Craziness has overtaken part of our country (1/2).
Jared Kushner did call me up right before the press briefing related to the Moderna 
vaccine announcement (see below)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 477 ---
207
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 478 ---
208
*******The administration (POTUS, Pence, Meadows, etc) keep emphasizing that we have 
never been as well prepared to respond to this pandemic.   They refer to hospital beds, 
ventilators, PPE, etc.   They are missing the fact that the pandemic is raging and they are really 
doing NOTHING to stop its spread.   They have essentially given up (see comments above from 
Mark Meadows) in stopping it and concentrating on having enough supplies to address the cases 
as they come in.   In fact, smaller states (southwest, northwest) are rapidly running out of ICU 
beds and personnel.  They are wrong on both accounts.
Freddy Ford (George W. Bush’s Chief of Staff) emails me and mentions that W. wants to receive 
vaccine publicly to indicate his support for vaccines, and could I help out.
Sir Elton John and husband David Furnish call me up and want to talk about how we can link the 
interest in COVID-19with sustained interested in ending the COVID pandemic.   Great 
conversation; they are very “proud of me”.   I suggest linking testing for COVID to getting tested 
for HIV and getting people on PrEP.   They loved the idea.
PRESS:   NBC Today Show with Savannah Guthrie; CBS with Jon LaPook; 
WTOP Radio;   Press briefing by Francis Collins, me, Stephane Bancel, Matt  
Hepburn; Stephen Hoge, John Mascola related to Moderna announcement
November 17, 2020 – Global – 54,800,000/1,300,000;   USA – 
11,100,000/246,200
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 479 ---
209
The surge continues.   ICU beds in Montana are running out.. Recent (Nov. 13) 
NPR interview of ICU nurse in Billings MT:
RIHA: We are currently at a critical level of patients in our ICU. So as you mentioned, we're the largest 
hospital operating system in Montana. And under normal operating circumstances, we have a 24-bed 
ICU in our hospital. When I left last night at the end of my shift, we currently had 44 ICU patients that 
were under the care of our service with a very, very full emergency room and likely more ICU patients 
coming in.
In Task Force meeting today, Deb, I (by virtual), Bob sounded the alarm.   Mark 
Meadows blurted out and objected to our call for a consistent message about 
masks and testing asymptomatics.  He feels that no matter how much you test, you 
still will have outbreak. He got tested every day and he claims to have been 
infected while wearing a mask – NONSENSE.   He was not wearing a mask before 
he got infected.   He has bought into Scott Atlas.   This is disgraceful.  Deb 
suggested that we have a doctor White House press conference once per week. I 
pointed out that we must have a consistent message from the White House.   I was 
not so subtly referring to Scott Atlas saying that masks do not work.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 480 ---
210
PRESS:  NPR Morning Edition; New York Times “Dealbook”
November 18, 2020 – Global – 55,100,000/1,300,000;    USA – 
11,300,000/248,000
Still very much out of control.   Trump is absent when it comes to outbreak.   He 
recently fired a civil servant Christopher Kreb, cybersecurity official.   This is 
having press speculate that he might fire me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 481 ---
211
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 482 ---
212
Exponential spread:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 483 ---
213
PRESS: BBC World News TV; Elizabeth Rosenthal Kaiser Health Podcast 
(NY Times); USA Today Editorial Board Interview; USA Today interview 
Adrianna Rodriguez
November 19, 2020 - Global   USA
164,000 cases yesterday; 1900 deaths
Did Miami Mayors call.   New Mayor of Miami-Dade – Daniella Levine Cava, 
replaced Mayor Carlos Gimenez who has been elected to Congress.  Mayor Francis 
Suarez is Mayor of Miami City.   Real problem is that the Mayors want to do the 
correct thing, but the Governor has ordered that bars and restaurants open at full 
capacity.  The best that he will give the Mayors is a 2 hour curfew, i.e. close bars at 
10:00 PM.  He is a Trumper and a real problem.  Screw people dying; save the 
economy.
Major staff shortages in hospitals in Midwest and other areas.   This completely 
belies the stunning denial that Mark Meadows, POTUS, even the VP, certainly 
Scott Atlas are manifesting.   They believe that the increase in cases is due to 
increases in testing.  They just deny that hospitalizations and deaths are increased 
greatly.   Amazing that even in regions where the virus is surging and hospitals are 
overflowing, the people in the region are calling it “fake news”
OWS (General Perna) briefs VPOTUS on vaccine distribution.   He is promising a 
lot. 
Did nice podcast fireside chat with The Hastings Center
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 484 ---
214
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 485 ---
215
Sharon Stone, Dr. Anthony Fauci to be 
Honored During Virtual Research in Action 
Awards
Sharon Stone and her good friend Dr. Anthony Fauci are among the honorees at Treatment Action 
Group's virtual Research in Action Awards
PRESS: Nexstar TV; White House Press conference (discussed vaccines and 
public health measures.   Pence ran it and did not allow questions after the 
presentations.  The reporters in the audience (Kaitlan Collins, Jon Karl and 
others) went nuts with anger; CNN with Chris Cuomo;
November 20, 2020 – Global – 56,600,000/1,400,000;    USA – 
11,700,000/251,700
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 486 ---
216
Still surging out of control.   Records being broken daily.   1700 deaths yesterday.   80,000+ 
people in hospital.  198,500 cases today.  Hospitals started to be strained.  Record 
hospitalizations.
Media dominated by COVID and Trump clearly trying to overturn the results of the 
election.   Incredibly he is bringing in State legislators to the White House to try and convince 
them to cast their electoral votes for him even though the populace voted for Biden and Biden 
won Michigan.  The GOP leaders are remaining silent with very few exceptions.   They are all 
afraid that TRUMP will target them either as a private citizen or if he runs in 2024.   Shameful 
cowards!!   I am so disappointed in Pence whom I really like.
Giuliani is babbling incoherently as the top lawyer trying to overturn the election.   It really 
seems that he is mentally decompensating.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 487 ---
217
PRESS:  MSNBC – Chuck Todd and Meet the Press Daily; Univision TV with 
Jorge Ramos; Katie Couric TV Website; Fox TV – “Bill Hemmer Reports”; 
Wisconsin TV – ABC – WISN-TV, Adrienne Pedersen Anchor
November 21, 2020 (Saturday) – Global – 57,300,000/1,400,000;    USA – 
11,800,000/253,600
192,700 cases yesterday.
Continual trend of worse and worse every day.   Records of hospitalizations and 
deaths and daily cases continue to surge.   See below.
Trump and cronies (Giuliani et al) losing each of the court and other attempts to 
overthrow the election
Had important Webex meeting at 9:00 AM (sunny) with Peter Marks, Cliff Lane, 
Francis Collins about the data from convalescent plasma that has been basis of 
EUA.   Date are statistically significant, but very unimpressive.   Need to treat 70 
patients to benefit 1.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 488 ---
218
Had Zoom with NIH people (Francis Collins, John Mascola, Kim Taylor, Gary 
Gibbons, Eliseo Perez-Stable, Cliff Lane) and with the Janssen people (Paul 
Stoffels, Mathai Mammen, Stacey Hargraves, Peter Ronco, Macaya Douoguih, et 
al) to review the status of the Janssen trial and to encourage getting greater 
diversity in the trial.
Got call from Larry Horowitz tonight telling me that Peter Marks told him that 
Trump called up Steve Hahn today and told him that Alex Azar said that Steve lost 
the POTUS the election by holding up the news about the Pfizer vaccine.   Trump 
was cursing Steve on the phone and then hung up.   Steve did not know if he was 
going to get fired and told this to Peter who called up Larry.   Still not sure what is 
going to happen.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 489 ---
219
November 22, 2020 – Global – 57,900,000/1,400,000;  USA – 2,000,000/255,100
200,000 cases yesterday
See UK below.  Mitigation (closing bars, gyms; restricting indoor dining; confine 
dinners and activities to immediate households) works as shown in UK and even 
USA during the summer rise and decline:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 490 ---
220
Some states may actually be starting to turn around as they start mitigating:
Got a call from Nancy Messonnier expressing great concern that after the doses get delivered 
by Gen. Perna to the local state locations, that there is confusion in how to get the doses 
distributed.   She says that the local health departments who have been given this responsibility 
either have no idea what they are doing or they need the resources that they do not have.   She 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 491 ---
221
says her communications with Redfield are rare and she is distraught.   She has more access to 
me than to Redfield.
PRESS:   Face the Nation (CBS) – with Margaret Brennan;
November 23, 2020 – Global – 58,400,000/1,400,000;   USA – 12,200,000/256,000
 Very concerned that the travel over Thanksgiving will exacerbate the current surge.  Some states 
that are mitigating (IL, NM) and doing much better than those that are not (IN, SD)
Really good news in that both Moderna and Pfizer on further analysis of ther data are reporting 
very good efficacy after first dose and prior to second dose.
AstraZeneca is reporting today 70% efficacy (on average) with ½ dose prime and full dose boost.   
Strange that ½ + full did better than full + full
Katie Miller’s daughter Mackenzie born a few days ago.   Went to NICU due to Transient 
Tachypnea of the newborn (TTN).   Katie had strangulated hernia that required surgery.   All is 
well now.
• Toronto Goes Into 28-Day Lockdown As COVID-19 Cases Surge.  Remember when 
we got hit badly early on and Canada did so well people said we did not do it right, but 
Canada did.   We could not figure out what “it” was.   Now with the Fall surge, Canada is 
getting badly hit as is every place else.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 492 ---
222
PRESS:  RAI Italian TV; La Stampa/Vatican Radio interview with Paolo Mastriolli; 
Hcehinger Boston Radio (NPR); Yahoo Finance TV interview; Washington Post Live with 
Robert Costa; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff; Zoom with Washingtonian Top 
Doctors
November 24, 2020   Global  - 58,700,000/1,400,000 USA – 12,300,000/257,000
Surge continues.   Europe starting to level off since they are shutting down in many countries. 
Despite CDC saying not to travel over holidays, millions of people, particularly students are 
crowding airports
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 493 ---
223
Biden tweeted today that he has not spoken to me but his staff has and I have been “very, very 
helpful”.   I had told he press that I had not heard from the Biden team since my conversations 
with Ron Klain were supposed to be confidential since over the past several days Ron has 
contacted me about my advice for CDC Director and FDA Commissioner.   I recommended 
Rochelle Walensky for CDC.   Ron called he and liked her.  Also, Ron told me that there was 
push back by some against Josh Sharfstein whom I recommended for FDA. In order not to have 
a contradiction with Biden, I have told CNN (Kaitlan Collins, Jim Acosta, etc.) GMA
PRESS: NBC Radio The Takeaway; Healthline Live Stream; MTV Interview; FOX News 
Local DC; Yahoo News TV;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 494 ---
224
November 25, 2020 – Global   USA
11:00 AM call with Azar regarding the role of ACIP in the recommendation for the 
prioritization of the distribution of vaccine starting in December.  Azar feels (with advice 
from Bob Charrow) that ACIP has no statuary authority of being involved in the process.  Azar 
wants to act early to without ACIP involvement get vaccine to both HCWs and nursing home 
and other vulnerables (aged).  This would require using all of the first supply as the prime (and 
not withholding half the doses for the boost), thus allowing us to vaccinate more of the high 
priority group and depend on the integrity of the supply chain to supply the booster doses.  His 
intent is good, but I point out that this would be a PR disaster since we have been saying all 
along that an independent body (ACIP) would be very much involved in these recommendations.  
It would be interpreted as sidestepping a established process by political influence.   My 
argument turns the tide to get ACIP involved with us from the beginning.   They may agree with 
us (which is great) or they may not whereby we can say we included them in the process, but we 
do not accept their recommendation
Ron Klain texted me last night after midnight.   I was asleep.   He sent me video of Joe and 
Jill giving Thanksgiving message to be careful over Thanksgiving.  I will speak with Ron Today.  
Ron just texted me and said that they decided on  Rochelle Walensky for CDC director on my 
recommendation!!
PRESS:  Good Morning America (ABC) with George Stephanopoulos; C-SPAN 
Washington Journal; WINS Radio (NYC); WGN TV (Chicago); Byron Allen and GRIO, 
an African-American online TV interview;  Huffington Post (Jeff Young) – writing a piece 
on “A Day in the Life of Dr. Fauci”; McClatchy (Mike Wilner) print interview on vaccines; 
Kaiser News Interview (Lauren Weber); Interview with Scientific American (Charles 
Schmidt);
November. 26, 2020 (Thanksgiving) Global – 59,800,000/1,400,000; 12,700,000/261,300    
USA
Surge continues   Trump not addressing the outbreak at all Consumed with blasting sway at 
people and pardoning people like Gen. Flynn.   Georgia Senate re-run about to occur to 
determine control of the Senate.
Went on walk with Will and Joli to Mall and was “mobbed” by well-wishers who wanted photos 
with me.   Went to the steps of Lincoln Memorial and read the speech of Lincoln on the opposite 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 495 ---
225
wall of the Gettysburg Address.   Strikingly referable to today:   “Men who worship the same 
God can be so far apart on fundamental issues….”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 496 ---
226
PRESS:  
U.S. News 
Nov. 25, 2020 / 8:44 PM 
Fauci, Harris top 'Time' 2020 Person of the 
Year nominees
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 497 ---
227
November 27, 2020 – Global – 60, 300,000/1,400,000; USA – 12,800,000/263,000
Now concerned about the post-Thanksgiving surge
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 498 ---
228
Record number of hospitalizations at >80,000
November 28, 2020 – Global – 61,300,000/1,400,000;  USA – 13,000,000/264,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 499 ---
229
Reporting of cases will be inaccurate for the next couple of days due to Holiday.   However, we 
can expect a post-Thanksgiving surge.
Did filming with Janet Tobias and John Hoffmann for the NatGeo documentary.   Went to the 
old RFK Stadium/Armory complex to view and film the 250,000 white flags put up by artist 
Susan    in memory of those who died from COBID-19.   Very reminiscent of the HIV/AIDS 
Quilt project.   The crew filmed Chris and I walking through the acres of small white flags.   
Also filmed us from above with a drone.
Trump bringing his argument before the Supreme Court.   He has lost every court case (>30) 
except for one.   The Supreme court issue relates to a lower court rejecting his claim that the 
Pennsylvania election was rigged.   He and his lawyers (led by Rudy Giuliani) are an extreme 
embarrassment to the GOP and to the country.   The rest of the world is looking at what is going 
on here incredulously.   We look like a Banana Republic.   I never would have imagined in my 
wildest dreams that our democracy would be so shook.   It is still amazing how the ZGOP 
leaders do not abandon Trump.   They are just afraid of him and what he can do after he leaves 
the Presidency to their political careers – Profiles in Cowardice.
Received Deo et Patriae Award from Regis High School and President George W. Bush sent a 
letter of congratulations:
Letter from 
President George W                  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 500 ---
230
Got call from Ron Klain tonight at 5:15 PM.  He wanted to fill me in on recent appointments 
(not announced yet) to make sure that I am OK with them:  Josh Sharfstein (FDA), Vivek 
Murthy (Surgeon General), Rochelle Walensky (CDC), Jeff Zients (COVID-19 Czar), Gina 
Raimondo (Secretary of HHS).   Ron said that Biden wanted to call me soon but he did not want 
to compromise me with the Trump people.   They will clear with Meadows that the transition 
team can start getting in place and then Biden will call me. 
Got call last night from Mark Ghaly (Deputy Director for Community Health for the LA 
County Dept of Health Services).  He has called me several times for advice.  Frantic call 
saying that they are surging in LA County and very soon hospital beds will be overrun.   He 
wants to do a 3 weeks shutdown of the city to “stop the surge” and wants my support since there 
is a large pushback to locking down.   I agreed to support him. 
November 29, 2020 – Global – 61,900,000/1,400,000;    USA – 
13,100,000/266,000
Now at end of Thanksgiving weekend.   Expect further surges (Birx’s daily report):
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 501 ---
231
Photos below of Fauci making rounds with Clinical Center inpatient and Clinic Staff – from 
October 2020
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 502 ---
232
Fauci makeing 
rounds  with Clinica         
PRESS: NBC Meet the Press with Chuck Todd; ABC This Week with Martha 
Raddatz
November 30, 2020 – Global – 62,400,000/1,500,000;     USA – 13,300,000/266,100 
We will see in the next few weeks whether the travel associated with Thanksgiving leads to a 
surge upon a surge.  95,000 people are currently hospitalized with COVID-19 – new record for 
this outbreak.
Biden putting together his team.  Very diversified with women and people of color.   Trump 
still flailing about challenging without any hint of evidence that various states were won by him.   
He still has his Greek Chorus of people backing him although little by little they are being less 
vocal and explicit about backing him.   The GOP is in a crisis in that many have lost credibility 
by not explicitly condemning Trump.   They are all afraid since he does have almost ½ the 
country with him.   He will definitely run in 2024 and they are afraid that they will lose his 
support if they come out against him.  Terrible situation for democracy.
Got call from Gov. JB Pritzker (D-IL) praising me for what I have been doing and asking for my 
backing for him to keep stringent public health measures (short of lock down).   He is getting 
pushback from bars and restaurants and even from hard core people who do not want to wear 
masks.   He said that I am so credible and respected that he would like to quote what I have said 
as backup for himself.   He liked my statement on Sunday shows of “Close the bars; open the 
schools”.  He is very frustrated with people not wearing masks and told me he would like to just 
say:  “Wear a fucking mask!”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 503 ---
233
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 504 ---
234
Sen. Rand Paul continues to act like an idiot:
Rand Paul says Fauci owes 
parents and students an 
apology over pandemic 
measures
BY DOMINICK MASTRANGELO - 11/30/20 12:01 PM EST 488
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) scolded Dr. Anthony Fauci in a tweet on Sunday, suggesting 
the nation's leading infectious disease expert apologize for his warnings about the 
danger coronavirus poses to school-aged children. 
"Dr. Fauci owes [Rand Paul] an apology," one of Paul's Twitter followers said. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 505 ---
235
Paul responded: "No, he owes one to every single parent and school-age child in 
America. I told him this multiple times this summer." 
Fauci and Paul have clashed several times since the pandemic began, with the 
Kentucky Republican accusing Fauci of fear-mongering rhetoric and what he says is 
incorrect praise of so-called lockdown measures implemented to stem the spread of 
the virus. 
“Dr. Fauci, every day we seem to hear from you things we can’t do. But when you’re 
asked, ‘Can we go back to school?’ I don’t hear much certitude at all. ‘Well, maybe.’ 
‘It depends.’ Guess what? It’s rare for kids to transmit this. I don’t hear that coming 
from you. All I hear is, ‘We can’t do this, we can’t do that, we can’t play baseball,’” 
Paul said while demanding schools reopen during a Senate hearing in late June. “It’s 
important to realize that if society meekly submits to an expert and that expert is 
wrong, a great deal of harm may occur when we allow one man’s policy or one group 
of small men and women to be foisted on an entire nation."
Fauci responded to Paul at the hearing, saying he feels "very strongly we need to do 
whatever we can to get the children back to school." 
During the early days of the pandemic, Fauci and other public health officials urged 
local school districts to consider all factors before deciding if it was safe to have 
children and teachers return to classrooms. 
On Sunday, Fauci clarified his position on school closures amid a nationwide spike in 
coronavirus cases this fall. 
"The default position should be to try as best as possible, within reason, to keep the 
children in school, to get them back to school," Fauci said on ABC's "This Week." "If 
you look at the data, the spread among children and from children is not very big at 
all, not like one would have suspected. So let's try to get the kids back. But let's try to 
mitigate the things that maintain and push the kind of community spread we are 
trying to avoid. And those are the things you know well. The bars, the restaurants ... 
those are the things that drive the community spread. Not the schools." 
• Did weekly Governor’s call today led by VP Pence.
• Moderna applied to FDA for an EUA for their mRNA vaccine. Their final data were 
very impressive.   94% efficacy and 30 severe outcomes, all in placebo, none in vaccine. 
Pfizer did this submission last week (Nov. 20)
• Fireside chat with American Society of Hematology
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 506 ---
236
• Did a nice 60 minute Facebook Live with Mark Zuckerberg
PRESS:  WUSA TV interview (Gabe Cohen); WTOP Radio; Yahoo News and Sports; 
iheart Radio; Cheddar TV; WedMD Magazine interview (I will be one of their public 
health “heroes”; Facebook Live with Mark Zuckerberg; BBC World News Radio;
December 1, 2020 – Global – 62,700,000/1,500,000;  USA – 13,400,000/267,300
Many GOP (such as Roy Blount) still supporting Trump who is becoming more and more 
unhinged.   He is losing every court case that he appeals to overthrow the vote in a number of 
states.   He rales that it is all a stolen election and that he won by a landslide.   Very 
embarrassing.   Blount refuses to call Biden the President -Elect.
Scott Atlas resigns!    I imagine that is because everything that is happening now with the surges 
has finally proven him to be incorrect on virtually everything that he has said.   The one area 
where he was correct was in saying that school children are not the drivers of the outbreak.   
However, he was dead wrong in saying that mitigation does nothing and that when states peak 
and come down, it is because they have reached herd immunity.   Yet, now we are seeing states 
and cities that peaked high months ago and now are peaking even higher.   So much for heard 
immunity.
Rand Paul still coming after me saying that I should shut everything down.   The press is 
contradicting him by showing quotes from me to the contrary.   What a jerk!   I am staying above 
the fray.
Alex Azar is becoming more sycophantic towards Trump as we get to the end of the 
administration.   See below:
Azar Touts Swift Progress On COVID-19 Vaccine Development.
Fox News (11/30, Nelson, 27.59M) reports that on Monday, HHS Secretary Alex Azar said progress 
on the COVID-19 has been unprecedented. He told Fox News, “Think about this: 10 months into this 
pandemic hitting our shores, thanks to what President Trump has done, we believe we’re going to 
have people getting vaccinated, millions of people, before Christmas this year. It’s just unheard of in 
the history of public health, this accomplishment.” He added that “the vaccine will be ‘shipped’ within 
24 hours of FDA approval and then it would be up to ‘nursing homes, hospitals, and pharmacies to 
get that dispensed.’” 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 507 ---
237
California Governor: State At “Tipping Point” Of Pandemic.
Reuters (11/30, Whitcomb, Caspani) reports California Gov. Gavin Newsom (D) “said on Monday the 
state was at a ‘tipping point’ in the COVID-19 pandemic that would soon overwhelm hospitals as 
political leaders nationwide turn to increasingly aggressive measures to hold back the latest 
• Had important call with Gov Cuomo who called me up.   He was explaining to me why he 
had an independent panel look at the COVID-19 vaccines.   He said that the skepticism 
about the FDA already existed (i.e. their doing an EUA for Hydroxychloroquine) and he was 
trying to ameliorate it.   He also was concerned about managing expectations about how 
quickly the vaccines will make a big and broad difference.  He and I agree that the difference 
will not be until mid to late summer.   He told me about his conversations with Trump and 
how Trump wants to mend the fences with Cuomo despite the fact that he has been trashing 
him.  He wants to change his residence back to NYC saying that it would be good for NYC.  
Cuomo pushed back and told him that he did not agree that it would be good for NYC.  Also, 
Trump apologized for calling Chris Cuomo “Fredo”. Cuomo believes that Trump is a 
psychopath and an evil man who just wants to manipulate for his future, which he knows is 
bleak.    Cuomo also expressed disdain for Azar saying that he is a sycophant  to Trump and 
does not understand that black and brown people will not get fair access to vaccines with the 
paltry amount of money that the USG is giving to the states for the implementation of the 
vaccine distribution.   USG gave $200 million to NY, when they really need $1 billion.   
Cuomo told me the best thing that could happen for my legacy would be for Trump to fire me 
and then have Biden re-hire me. 
• Had call with Rob Manfred, Commissioner of MLB – He needed advice about the 
timing of Spring Training (February for pitchers) vis-à-vis the roll out of vaccines and 
when there would be enough people vaccinated so that he can both get his players 
vaccinated and have a degree of herd immunity present so that he can have spectators in 
the stands.   I told him that by April there could be massive vaccinations IF people uptake 
the vaccine.   We could have most people vaccinated by early summer which means they 
can start with half full stadiums and then by the World Series they could conceivably 
have packed stadiums. He might delay start of Spring Training from February to March.   
Also, he wants to offer stadiums and parking lots for massive vaccination programs.   I 
told him that would be a CDC/local public health department issue.
• Had Miami Mayors call. – The mayor of Miami-Dade County – Daniella Levine Cava 
now has COVID-19.   Former Mayor Jimenez has COVID-19.  Still remaining issue that 
Governor DeSantis is blocking the mayors attempts to mitigate.   For example, he will 
not allow closing the bars and indoor restaurants.
• Had call with Gary Bettman (NHL) about the coming hockey season
• Task Force call – The VP still extracts “happy talk” out of a very sober report from Birx 
about the surge and the fact that we are perilously close to having our health care system 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 508 ---
238
over-run by the surge upon the surge.   He and the Greek Chorus of the TF just cannot 
accept that we are in serious trouble.   Very frustrating
Some states starting to plateau while others continue to surge.   See below:
Danger of hospitals being overrun and lack of adequate staffing (see graphs below):
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 509 ---
239
• Received Lifetime Achievement Award together with Henrietta Fore (Director of 
UNICEF) and David Beasley at elegant “virtual” gala.   Praised by Barbara Bush in an 
interview and several celebrities
• Heated discussion at TF meeting regarding the NIH Guidelines not being specific enough 
in its recommendations for mAb and CP.   Typical Deb Birx wanting to push therapies 
more than the data justify.   In the discussion, Pence was convinced by Deb and others 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 510 ---
240
(with no medical background) chimed in that saying “no evidence for or against the use 
of …….”   Had long conversations with Cliff tonight and he is very reluctant to change 
the wording.   VP was insistent that we indicate more strongly that the drugs work since 
Deb says that the clinicians are not using the drugs since they do not see a strong 
indication in the guidelines that the drugs work.  Trying to work with Cliff who is 
adamant
PRESS:  Did Press Conference with Gov. Jared Polis (D-CO); WNBC NY TV;
December 2, 2020 – Global – 63,400,000/1,500,000;   USA – 13,600,000/270,000
Situation remains tenuous.   Note from Deb Birx associated with her daily slide set:  
The situation we find ourselves is deteriorating beyond words.  Please help me convey to senior leaders 
that is the worse combination of factors that we have seen since the beginning of the pandemic. 
Combining the Spring and Summer surge into a winter surge is what is deeply concerning.  Despite my 
warnings there are OVP staff that undermine this message everyday and have greater access to the VP. I 
know its hard to see it coming, I know its hard to fathom, but it is coming even independent of the 
Thanksgiving potential due to the movement into populous states and nearly 50% of the country still 
believes this is being over blown, that it’s a hoax, that masks don’t work and I think the most damaging 
there is a set curve independent of mitigation – ie it doesn’t matter what you do it will look the same. 
Yes there is an epidemic curve to both mitigated and unmitigated surges BUT the peak is higher and the 
duration of the surge is 2X longer without mitigation. Yes when hospitals get overwhelmed people do 
take more precautions and flatten the curve but that results in nearly 2X the fatalities as a mitigated 
response.  Inadequately mitigated is nearly 2X the area under the curve as mitigated – 2X the 
hospitalizations and potentially 2X the deaths.  Finally unlike the spring the asymptomatic group under 
35 will not mitigate in the same way and will continue to drive infections and that is why more 
precautions must be implemented now – both state level mitigation policies and personal mitigation 
efforts. Deb
2600+ Deaths today.   Worse since the NYC surge in early Spring
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 511 ---
241
• Call from Mark Meadows saying that it was OK to do press conference with Gov. 
Cuomo.   Also, he really wanted a reality check on the fact that the MHRA of the UK has 
given their equivalent of an EUA to the Pfizer vaccine.  He wanted to know if our FDA 
was dragging their feet.   I totally supported the FDA, Peter Marks, and Steve Hahn and 
said that the UK were “hot-dogging” it and that even the EMA were blasting the UK for 
hot dogging.   It seemed that Mark was on the brink of firing Hahn.   Hope I blocked that
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 512 ---
242
• Got call from Jeff Zients in preparation of my briefing the Biden “landing team” 
tomorrow.   Jeff wanted to alert me that Biden will be calling me right after the briefing.
• Received the Eleanor Roosevelt Prize for Global Human Rights Advancement from the 
American Bar Association Center for Human Rights
• PEOPLE Magazine names me 2020 Person of the Year together with George 
Clooney, Selena Gomez and Regina King
PRESS:   CNN: Elton John honors Anthony Fauci on World AIDS Day;  CNN Heroes with 
Anderson Cooper; KTVQ TV – Billings, MT; ABC News PRIME (Online); Fox TV News;  
Frank Bruni writes in the NY Times: Anthony Fauci is the steely superhero of my deep state, and 
he’s flanked and fortified by all the government health officials who also pushed back against the 
quackery of Scott Atlas, the Trump-flattering pandemic adviser who resigned on Monday
December 3, 2020 -  Global – 64,000,000/1,500,000;   USA – 13,800,000/273,000
Records being broken:  3000 deaths yesterday; >100,000 hospitalizations; >200,000 new 
infections.
With gauntlet of
Today I met with President elect Biden’s landing team.  It was a good meeting that was led 
by Jeff Zientz,  Vivek Murthy, and included David Kessler, John Auerbach, Tom Inglesby, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 513 ---
243
among others.  We went on to discuss the challenges associated with the rollout of the 
vaccination campaign.  In addition, I gave them my advice on what the most effective 
communication strategy would be for the upcoming administration.  In addition, they wanted 
might take on what the challenges with be in the coming months of January, February, march, 
and beyond.  It was an excellent conversation in which they all expressed their gratitude and 
respect for me for the work that I have been doing over the past several months.  At exactly 3:00 
PM, 1 hour as to the beginning of the meeting there was a prearranged call with President elect 
Joe Biden together with chief of staff Ron Klain.  President-Elect Biden was very glad to chat 
with me and immediately stated that he wanted me to continue in my position as director, 
NIAID.  In addition, he wanted me to be his chief medical adviser.  Then, Ron and President 
elect Biden asked me a series of questions concerning some of the decisions that they would 
likely have to make in the coming months.  
Mayor Bill De Blasio called me up asking for advice about the surges that are occurring in 
NYC and how much of a lock down he should implement. He wanted to keep things mostly open 
until after the holidays and then shut down.  I told him that this was a big mistake since by that 
time, the damage will have been done and he will have precipitated a major surge.   I urged him 
to close the bars and restaurants and subsidize the establishments so that they do not go under.   
If he does that and discourages private, large gatherings, he could get away with keeping the 
shopping areas open.
I apologize to the UK on BBC radio for implying that their process of the approval of the 
vaccine was rushed and sloppy
PRESS:  CBS News “The Takeout” with Major Garrett;  Sky News UK TV; MSNBC with 
Andrea Mitchell;  New York Times interview with Tara Pope Parker; KQED  NPR Radio, 
San Francisco; BBC World News; New Zealand Herald (Dick Brass) print media;
Bloomberg:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 514 ---
244
December 4, 2020 – Global – 64,500,000/1,500,000  USA – 14,000,000/276,000
Did photo shoot and interview with Alice Park of TIME Magazine.
• I called up Rosa De Lauro to congratulate her on being chosen by Nancy Pelosi as Chair 
of the Appropriations Full Committee.   She had tears in he eyes thanking me nd saying 
how excited she was that Biden has announced that I would be his Chief Medical 
Advisor.
• Spoke with Don Fehr of the NHL Players Association about the likelihood of the NFL 
having a season and what my projection for 2021 was.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 515 ---
245
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 516 ---
246
More records broken – 200,000 cases; 2885 deaths; >100,000 hospitalization.   Hospitals are 
starting to get over-run.   California starting lock-downs to avoid hospital crisis (see above 
figure)
PRESS:   NBC Today Show with Savannah Guthrie;  Multiple press stories about Biden 
speaking with me, asking me to stay on as NIAID Director and offering me the title of Chief 
Medical Advisor; Greta Van Susteren “Full Court Press” TV (VOA); “Today with Kaye” 
Baltimore Radio Show;  CNN Town Hall with Anderson Cooper and Sanjay Gupta;
Biden said he asked Fauci to stay on and be a 
chief medical adviser in his administration
By Jim Acosta, Jim Sciutto and Kate Sullivan, CNN
December 5, 2020 –  Global – 65,000,000/1,500,000; USA – 14,300,000/278,000
Surge continues with more records broken.   California locking down because they are at 15% or 
less of beds available and thousands of cases of coming in for hospitalizations.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 517 ---
247
Trump still insisting that the election was “rigged” and that he won by a landslide.   More than 
30 court cases have been thrown out as frivolous.   
Alyssa Farah resigns.   Good for her.   One of the few good people in the administration.  This 
might mean that I am not allowed out in the media any more since she has always advocated for 
me. 
December 6, 2020 (Sunday) – Global – 65,900,000/1,500,000   USA – 14,500,000/280,000
Had important Zoom call today (11:00 AM) with Jeff Zients and Jake Sullivan – Jeff and 
Jake are going to make some policy announcements for the Biden tam next week (Tuesday0 and 
they wanted to make sure that it was cleared by me.   They had 3 issues: 1) the 100 days of mask 
wearing.   I advised that they say “at least 100 days” or give some indication that it might be 
longer since when they get to 100 days, we may need to extend; 2) they want to say that they will 
distribute100milindoses of vaccine in teh1st 100 days of the Biden administration.   I warned that 
this might actually be an underestimate.   They first need to check that we will actually have a 
supply (check with Perna, but also make sure that we do not seem that this is undershooting.  
Since we are now saying that we will have 40 million doses by the end of December and even 
more by the end of January, then 100 million by the first 100 days of the Biden administration is 
far too little; 3) Schools – I suggested that they always lead with saying that the default position 
is to open and keep open the schools.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 518 ---
248
They also want to announce on Tuesday the important role that I will have to be the Chief 
medical Advisor for the Administration.   They will send me the wording to make sure that I am 
OK with it.
Gov. Cuomo called me today (1:30 PM) – He wanted to touch bases with me in anticipation for 
the fact that I will be joining him tomorrow on a press conference for the state of MY.   He 
wanted to brief me on what he was going to say.   He and I have a growing and strong 
relationship.
Received a call (3:00 PM) from Olivia Dalton from the Biden Transition team asking me to 
participate in an event (I asked to do it virtually) in Wilmington where Biden will announce his 
“health team” including me.   We discussed my virtual remarks and other issues.
 
Deb Birx on MTP pleading (as I have been doing) with the public to abide by public health 
mitigation methods.
Example of state by state increases in deaths and cases:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 519 ---
249
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 520 ---
250
December 7, 2020 – Global – 66,400,000/1,500,000;   USA – 14,600,000/281,3000
Bracing for post-Thanksgiving surge!
Deb’s Daily Report:
Data and reporting has stabilized and we are back on the same accelerating curve as before the delayed 
reporting and substantial declines in testing over the past 10 days.  This week we expect to see the 
beginning of the post Thanksgiving surge as this would be when the silent spread starts to impact the 
more vulnerable Americans.  We now have only 2 states (HI, VT) and DC in the green zone, 12 in the 
yellow and orange zone and 36 in the red zone.  We are now seeing significant resurgence in all states 
except VT and HI and rapidly increasing cases across America that will lead to escalating hospitalizations 
the end of this week into next week and then fatalities. This is the worse situation we have faced and 
although vaccinations will help towards the end of Jan the next 7 weeks will be overwhelming if we 
don’t work with states to increase their mitigation and provide the highest level of Administration 
support to the behavioral changes needed by every American. Deb  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 521 ---
251
See below for dire situation in NYC and Los Angeles
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 522 ---
252
At Task Force meeting on prior agreement between Deb and I, Deb says that the country is in 
dire straits and we need to give the message from above that this is serious and we must double 
down on mitigating.   I jump in and say that we must be out there warning the people that if they 
do not mitigate, the hospitals will be over-run.   The elephant in the room is that the POTUS is 
ignoring this and the message must come from him since the people who are not paying attention 
and who will not wear masks or not travel or not congregate are his people.   The VP after the 
discussion got going for the first time ever got defensive and even hurt that we (mostly Deb) 
were implying that the administration was not taking the pandemic seriously.   The issue is that 
maybe we are taking it seriously, but the POTUS and his people certainly are not.   That is the 
lesion.   The POTUS is undermining everything that we are trying to do.   Deep down the VP has 
to realize this and still he fiercely defends the POTUS.  Tragic!
PRESS: CNN New Day with John Berman; Press conference with Gov. Cuomo (Boradcast 
from Albany, NY; Fireside chat with Norah O’Donnell (CBS) at the Milken Institute 
Future of Health Summit; Interview with Katy Kay for the Bloomberg American Health 
Summit; taping for ABC Special on Vaccines
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 523 ---
253
December 8, 2020 -    Global 66,700,000/1,500,000;   USA – 14,800,000/283,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 524 ---
254
Harvey Alter to receive Nobel Prize in Physiology or medicine to be presented to hi at NIH 
(Natcher) by the Swedish Ambassador to the USA.   I am invited and will use this as an excuse 
not to attend the “Vaccine Summit” at the White House today.  Trump will use it as a PR stunt to 
claim credit for the vaccines.   Pfizer (Bourla) and Moderna (Bancel) have pulled out of 
attending.
Biden announced his medical team today in Wilmington, DE.   I was announced as his “Chief 
Medical Advisor”.   I have made a video of my message to the group since I cannot attend (see 
above).  
• Had call with Joan Baez who wanted information about the effectiveness of masks in 
protecting you from acquisition of infection.   Also, she is worried about her son and 
daughter-in-law who want to travel to South America.   She wants to be able to tell them 
that I said that it was ill-advised.
• Call with Ellen Sigal and then Larry Horowitz about FDA Commissioner.   Lots of 
rumors and the usual anxiety about candidates.   Josh Sharfstein is being considered but 
many people are pushing back.   Kessler is being considered, but most everyone thinks 
that this is a bad idea.  Janet Woodcock is emerging as a top choice.   I like that.
• Much concern that we did not contract with Pfizer for enough vaccine; we just did not 
accept their offer to provide more.  Now it seems that this was a big mistake.   Press are 
all over this.
• Nancy Messonnier called.   She is concerned that Gen. Perna is making decisions 
without proper knowledge and/or consultation with CDC.  She has had long-standing 
problem with him.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 525 ---
255
• Katie and Stephen Miller called me to thank me for the baby gift I sent them for 
daughter Mackenzie.  We had a nice discussion about life after Trump.
• I was awarded “Sicilian of the Year” by the Magazine I Love Sicilia
PRESS:  KTWV Los Angeles Radio; BBC “Hard Talk”, TV and Radio; Wall Street Journal 
CEO Council;   
December 9, 2020 – Global – 67,800,000/1,600,000;   USA – 15,000,000/285,000
Deaths reached record of 3000 today!
Just waiting to realize the full brunt of the Thanksgiving holiday.   Trump still totally pre-
occupied with trying to overthrow the election.   Biden carefully putting his team together
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 526 ---
256
PRESS:  Interview with Ed Yong of The Atlantic; CNN discussion of 1918 Influenza wuth 
Anderson Cooper (to be shown in a week); Fireside Chat with Sanjay Gupta for the 
Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health “When Public Health Means Business”
December 10, 2020 – Global -68,200,000/1,500,000;   USA – 15,300,000/289,000
217,000 cases today!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 527 ---
257
I zoomed with the Novovax site investigators encouraging them in their trial and stressing the 
importance of recruiting minorities into the trial.
The FDA’s advisory committee VRBPAC meets today for Pfizer product.   They recommend 
approving the EUA
Received the Ripple of Hope Award from the RFK Foundation.   Wonderful virtual ceremony 
with co-awardees:  Colin Kaepernick, Dolores Huerta (Activist), Dan Schulman (CEO PayPal), 
Dan Springer(CEO, Docusign).   Very warm and moving tributes.
I am chosen as Time Magazine “Guardian of the Year”
PRESS:  CBC Canadian Radio; CNN with Chris Cuomo;
December 11, 2020 Global    USA
Numbers continue to be stunning with >200,000 news cases each day; >3000 deaths per day; 
289,000 total deaths and 15,3000,000 cases 
• Received a call from Ethel and Kerry Kennedy explicitly inviting up to Hyannisport 
for 4th of July weekend.   They were so nice over the phone.   They said that they loved 
and admired me and were so please that the Kennedy family could honor me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 528 ---
258
PRESS:   NY 12 TV (NY, CT, NJ); JAMA Livestream with Howard Bauchner; MSNBC 
with Ari Melber;
December 12, 2020 – Global – 69,500,000/1,600,000; USA – 15,700,000/295,000.  
FDA has approved an EUA for the Pfizer mRNA vaccine for people 16 years and older!!
USG authorized an additional 100 million doses of Moderna mRNA (in addition to the original 
100 million that we contracted for. 
Although some states that are mitigating are showing stabilization, several others are showing 
the impact of the Thanksgiving holiday.
• Had Zoom call with Jeff Zientz and Natalie Quillian about what the Biden team 
should be doing as they hit the ground on January 21.   I mentioned: 1) the importance of 
a clear and consistent message from above; 2) the importance of testing (diagnostics) for 
asymptomatic people for the purposes of surveillance and screening such as in schools 
(mentioned my conversation with Raj Shah and the Rockefeller Foundation people) about 
testing school teachers 2x per week and K-12 children 1x per week.   Also early testing is 
key for early treatment; 3) Treatment – importance of early treatments with either direct 
anti-virals or perfect the mAb and hyper immune-Ig; 4)   Make sure that vaccines are 
smoothly and equitably distributed.
There has been much play in the media over the past few weeks about what they are calling the 
“Fauci effect” whereby the medical school admission have gone up about 50% over the past 
year due in large part to students realizing what I have been doing and able to accomplish as a 
physician and this is inspiring them to go to medical school.   See story from NPR below:
'Fauci Effect' Drives Record Number Of 
Medical School Applications
• Facebook
• Twitter
• Flipboard
• Email
December 7, 20207:56 AM ET
JON MARCUS
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 529 ---
259
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 530 ---
260
PRESS:
TWEET FROM BIDEN - 
I've seen him take on HIV/AIDS, H1N1, Ebola, Zika, COVID-
19, and every infectious disease in between, over his nearly 
forty years of service to our country. Trusted. A truth teller. A 
patriot." — President-elect Biden on Dr. Anthony Fauci
I was portrayed on Saturday Night Live by Kate McKinnon.  A spoof with me and Deb 
Birx.  They slammed Deb
December 13, 2020 (Sunday)- Global – 70,200,000/1,600,000   USA – 16,000,000/298,000
Vaccine dose from Pfizer now being shipped to various locations.    Cases continue to explode 
throughout the country.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 531 ---
261
Statement from Birx below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 532 ---
262
PRESS:
CNN HEROES – INTERVIEW WITH ANDERSON COOPER
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 533 ---
263
December 14, 2020 -  Global   USA - 16
Vaccine doses are being shipped as I write this.   Vaccinations will start today.   Discussions 
ongoing whether to vaccinate the White House staff.   Also Jeff Zientz wants to speak with me 
about when the President-elect and VP-elect should be vaccinated.
• Bitter-Sweet day – vaccinations start but we reach landmark of 300,000 Americans 
have died of COVID-19
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 534 ---
264
• Call from Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WVA) asking whether I recommend that he and others 
get vaccinated.  Also, wanted to know which was better Moderna or Pfizer.   I]assured 
him that they were equal.
• Received virtually the 2020 John Maddox Prize for Standing Up for Science from Nature 
magazine
PRESS:  BILD German Online TV interview; MSNBC with Hallie Jackson; Bloomberg 
Law interview with Jeanne Bauman; BBC Newsnight TV interview;
December 15, 2020 - Global – 71,400,000/1,600,000; USA – 16,300,000/300,000
Brian Morgenstern is the new White House media person who seems to have taken over from 
Alyssa Farah.   He has been OK with getting me out there, but there was a recent issue where Jon 
Karl (ABC) has been asking for me a lot and not getting approved.   Jon is rather pissed.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 535 ---
265
Jared Kushner called to congratulate and thank me for our efforts to develop safe and effective 
vaccines for COVID-19.
PRESS:  ABC - Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos; NPR “Morning 
Edition” with Rachel Martin; VOX (Online TV) – “Today Explained” with Sean 
Rameswaram;
Nature’s 10: ten people who helped shape 
science in 2020
• Anthony Fauci: Science’s defender
A storied US doctor became his nation’s conscience on COVID-19 even as detractors threatened 
his life.
By Heidi Ledford
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 536 ---
266
Credit: Al Drago/Getty
In his more than 40-year career as an infectious-disease researcher, Anthony Fauci has been 
hailed as a hero and damned as a murderer. His most dedicated fans have created baseball 
cards and bobble-head dolls in his likeness, whereas others have issued death threats and 
harassed his children. 
As head of the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) in Bethesda, 
Maryland, Fauci has guided six presidents and an anxious nation through fears of bioweapon 
attacks and outbreaks of HIV, Ebola and Zika. Now, his role advising the government and 
communicating to the public during the coronavirus pandemic has made him the nation’s 
doctor. He has offered guidance on the US response to the outbreak, often in conflict with the 
wishes of President Donald Trump, and he has made time to treat individuals with COVID-19 and 
HIV in the clinic. “Seeing the patient really gives you a different feel for what the disease is,” 
says Fauci, who works 18 hours a day, 7 days a week. 
The scale of the COVID-19 pandemic — and the politicization of the public-health response to it 
— has forced Fauci to go far beyond anything he’s done before, says epidemiologist Michael 
Osterholm, director of the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of 
Minnesota in Minneapolis. “He has been a very key part of trying to help the public understand 
what the science means and what we can do about it — and that includes, of course, our 
elected leaders,” says Osterholm. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 537 ---
267
Those efforts were met with resistance, but Fauci is no stranger to friction. 
At the height of the AIDS epidemic, in 1988, playwright Larry Kramer called Fauci a “murderer” 
and an “incompetent idiot” on the cover of the San Francisco Examiner magazine. Kramer and 
other AIDS activists felt that the NIAID’s clinical trials for HIV drugs were moving at a glacial pace 
while thousands of people were dying. When a group gathered outside his office to protest, 
Fauci invited some in for a chat. Over time, he built a relationship with them that would lead to 
changes in the way people with AIDS got access to experimental drugs. It was a revolutionary 
approach at a time when people with a disease had little say in the science aimed at treating 
them. “That was a tough period,” he says. “There were many scientists who thought that I was 
caving in”. 
Warm but blunt, with a pronounced Brooklyn accent, he has often worked well with political 
leaders. Former US president George H. W. Bush called him a hero for his work on AIDS, and 
Fauci worked with his son, former president George W. Bush, to design the President’s 
Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), a global programme to provide treatment for people 
with HIV. But this year, his staid and steady advocacy for public-health measures to slow the 
spread of COVID-19 earned him stiff criticisms from President Donald Trump and others who 
were eager to play down the severity of the pandemic and get the US economy restarted. 
Trump has suggested that he might fire the scientist, and a stream of vitriol has poured from 
some of the president’s followers. Steve Bannon, a former Trump adviser, said that he would 
like to see Fauci’s head on a pike outside the White House. Fauci now has federal guards 
overseeing his security. 
The threats made him “more pissed off than afraid”, he says. “I’m out there trying to give a 
public-health message to save people’s lives.” 
But some researchers were also frustrated with Fauci’s public performance. He often stood next 
to Trump during press briefings as the president repeatedly misrepresented the severity of the 
pandemic. Although Fauci sometimes contradicted Trump, he did not directly confront the 
president. 
Such briefings stopped in April. Fauci has since become more outspoken, says Mark Harrington, 
executive director of Treatment Action Group, a New York City think tank that focuses on the 
treatment and prevention of AIDS, tuberculosis and hepatitis C virus. “He’s been speaking truth 
to power for the last few months in a way that none of the other people in the task force or 
federal government have been doing,” Harrington says. Fauci, who turns 80 in December, has 
no plans to retire soon. He has agreed to stay on at the NIAID and to serve as president-elect Joe 
Biden’s chief medical adviser. Osterholm says he expects Fauci to continue to have an active role 
in front of the cameras. 
But Harrington is looking forward to the day when Fauci can focus his attention again on other 
pressing concerns, such as HIV and hepatitis C. “He needs to be able to do his day job,” he says. 
“It’s a big job.” 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 538 ---
268
December 16, 2020 – Global – 72,000,000/1,600,000;  USA – 16,500,000/303,000
Surge continue in some areas and leveling in others.   On phone last night with the David 
Barr group.   Chicago (Alison) doing better, but LA (Sharon) doing worse.   Bitter sweet 
situation as vaccines rolling out (Moderna coming within the next couple days) while 
records being broken with deaths and hospitalizations:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 539 ---
269
PRESS:  CBS This Morning with Gayle King; Interview with Rodney Edwards of 
Irish Independent Sunday print paper;  CNBC “Healthy Events” with Meg Tirrell
December 17, 2020 – Global – 72,900,000/1,600,000;   USA – 16,800,000/306,000
The surge continues.  Some states improving; others getting worse (see below for CA, 
TX, among others)
3656 deaths yesterday – another record!!
Red flag in CA, TX, PA, FL, TN as their absolute number of cases and rate of rise of cases is deeply 
concerning.  If these populous states have the same depth and breadth of the surge experienced in the 
Northern Plains hospitalizations and fatalities will dramatically increase over the next 2 weeks.  Deb
 
 
• Had good conversation with Christopher Whitty (Chief Medical Officer of the 
UK) and Sir Patrick Vallance (Chief Scientific Advisor to the UK Government) 
regarding comparing notes between UK experience and USA experience.  Of 
note, the UK is seeing more than just the two instances of anaphylactic reactions 
to the mRNA vaccine of Pfizer
• VRBPAC approves the Moderna product.   Waiting for FDA to officialy issue the 
EUA.  Likely will start vaccinating with Moderna in a few days
PRESS:  WUSA TV with Gabe Cohen; FOX TV with Bill Hemmer;  Alan Alda 
Fireside Online Chat – “Soldiers of Science”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 540 ---
270
December 18, 2020 – Global – 73,300,000/1,700,000;   USA – 17,000,000/310,000
Moderna’s mRNA vaccine gets EUA from FDA.   Likely start vaccinating within a 
few days (likely Monday, 21 December)
Just found out that NIH will finally get doses of vaccine from Moderna (see above) 
which means I will likely get vaccinated on Tuesday, 22 December.   I am insisting 
that I receive vaccine ONLY if Clinical Center ICU people ALSO receive it at the 
same time as I do,
• Cases continue to surge.
                     Deb’s  comments: Continued deterioration in CA, AZ, NV,TX, FL, PA, OH, NJ, NY and will 
need staffing support in most of these states except FL and TX – most concerning is CA and NV for ICUs 
and hospital staffing.  States are now using their vents that are in their state stockpiles which is the first 
we have seen this occur since summer. There is significant diversity in approach to vaccination – many 
states approach are self defined co-morbidities which could lead to long lines if its not a combination of 
age plus – ie first group essential worker over 50 and general population over 65 combination of risk of 
exposure and risk of severe disease.  Mortality from the states that have been improving is still very high 
daily. Deb
               
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 541 ---
271
Did ceremonial vaccination with the Pfizer Product of VP Pence, Karen Pence and 
Jerome Adams in EEOB-350 at 8:03 AM.   I gave remarks at the ceremony talking about 
the challenges ahead, the bitter-sweet nature of the situation with Bitter (record number 
of cases) and Sweet (Vaccines here).   Also light at the end of the tunnel
PRESS:  NBC Today with Savannah Guthrie;  on CNN for live coverage of the 
White House vaccination of the VP; Taped CNN Sesame Street with Sanjay Gupta 
and Erika Hill; WCBS Radio NYC; Stanford Fireside Chat with Alan Alda; 
Fireside chat with Andy Slavitt; Fireside Chat with the California State University 
systems; CNN Town Hall (done together with Jerome Adams) with Don lemon and 
Sanjay Gupta
December 19, 2020 – Global    USA
Deb’s daily comment:
Coasts and Sunbelt continue to deteriorate.  AZ, MS, FL, GA are not mitigating to the level of summer 
mitigation policies. There is deep confusion out there about vaccine volumes and clarity on the 1b and 2 
categories to most efficiently vaccinate and potential to use the current supply to save lives over the 
next 30 days.  The word is the ACIP was supplied modeling in October that showed no impact of 
vaccination on lives saved but it was modelled without taking into account a surge of cases and 
hospitalizations.  IF this is true this needs to be addressed and remodeled and that new data supplied to 
the ACIP. Deb  
Another record broken:
Covid-19 Live Updates: U.S. Sets Daily Record 
With Over 250,000 Cases 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 542 ---
272
December 20, 2020 – (SUNDAY) – Global – 75,100,000/1,700,000;  USA – 
17,600,000/315,300
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 543 ---
273
See Deb’s notes below:
1. The Northern Plains, Upper Mid-West, Rocky Mountain States and 
Heartland continue to improve decreasing test positivity, cases, 
hospitalizations. Strong vigilance messaging should continue to 
ensure decline through the upcoming Holiday season. 
2. The Coasts (80% of America's population) are now driving the 
increasing cases, hospitalizations and soon deaths. The rate of rise 
is deeply concerning as it is similar to the Northern Plain States. 
            New strain of virus – B.1.1.1.7 arising in UK with concern that it is spreading much 
faster that other strains. Some EU countries are banning flights from UK.   Probably an over-
reaction since there is no evidence that the strain is more virulent or that it escapes vaccine-
induced immunity.   We (VRC/NIAID) will start examining for these issues.
PRESS:   Despite the approval of Moderna vaccine a few days ago, I was not 
allowed on any Sunday TV shows.   FOX and MTP wanted me.   Need to emphasize 
the dysfunction of the White House Comms group, particularly Roma Daravi.   It 
seems that she has a thing with me.
Washington Post (Yasmeen Abutaleb et al):
The inside story of how Trump’s denial, 
mismanagement and magical thinking led to 
the pandemic’s dark winter
December 21, 2020  Global  USA
Much concern and discussion about the mutant virus (see above) that is in UK and South Africa.  
I will be speaking with the Biden people about this today.
1. The Northern Plains, Upper Mid-West, Rocky 
Mountain States and Heartland continue to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 544 ---
274
improve decreasing test positivity, cases, 
hospitalizations. Strong vigilance messaging 
should continue to ensure decline through the 
upcoming Holiday season. 
2. The Coasts (80% of the population) are now 
driving the increasing cases, hospitalizations 
and soon deaths. The rate of rise is 
concerning, however due to aggressive 
mitigation there is a more rapid stabilization 
of cases then we saw in the Fall with the 
center of the country which should lead to an 
earlier peak if the Holiday Season surge can 
be blunted. 
                 Had Zoom call with Biden.   Also, present were Ron Klain, Jeff Zientz, Rochelle 
Walensky; Natalie Quillian; Vivek Murthy.   Discussion centered around: 1) state of the outbreak 
(me); 2) Mutants from UK (me); 3) vaccine rollout (Vivek).   I strongly recommended not 
banning travel from UK.  Ron Klain and Biden were not so sure.   Ron suggested that we might 
have a 10 day ban over the holidays.   I pushed back and said that this would not help since the 
virus would come from other places.   I suggested that we very explicitly state that we are 
watching this very carefully and are all over it.   The potential effects of the mutation is : 1) 
increased transmissibility; 2) increased virulence; 3) evasion of protection from vaccine (and to 
some extent from mAb).   All of these are testable.   Bottom line – do not do anything 
precipitous, but watch it closely
PRESS:   BBC Interview with Jeremy Farrar to be aired on December 28, 2020;SiriusXM 
Sports – Mad Dog with Chris Russo; Telemundo TV with Randy Serrano; Fivethirtyeight 
ABC Podcast with Anna Rothschild; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff;
December 22, 2020 – Global -76,300,000/1,700,000;  USA – 18,000,000/319,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 545 ---
275
Hospitalization at 118,000 – record for the pandemic.   East and West coasts now surging.
PRESS:  Good Morning America (ABC) with CeciliaVega;  BBC World News TV; Briefed 
New York Daily News editorial board; CBC TV (Canada) News Show – “The National”; 
Fox News with John Roberts; Politico Instagram Live with Sarah Owermohle; CNN The 
Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 546 ---
276
Slate ranked me the #1 most influential 80 year old and older person:
 
The Most Influential 80-Plus-Year-Olds in 
America
Here are the top 20.
By Molly Olmstead
December 23, 2020 – Global – 76,900,000; 1,700,000;   USA – 18,200,000/321,700
Mayer Bowser of DC declared December 24, 2020 “Anthony S. Fauci, M.D. Day in Washington, 
DC:
“Dr. Fauci has been a hero to our nation during this incredibly difficult year, working tirelessly to save 
lives and guide our nation’s response to and recovery from the pandemic,” said Mayor Bowser. “We 
are incredibly proud to count him among the many DC residents who are sacrificing so much to keep 
our communities healthy and safe. I issue this honor on behalf of all Washingtonians in gratitude and 
recognition of Dr. Fauci’s service to our nation and our city.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 547 ---
277
“Surprise” tribute to me from the 1st responders at NIH and Montgomery County:
 https://drive.google.com/file/d/10Vi4mozXkpCjolo9phs0XoWpwoxSJ_oj/view?usp=sharing
A group of activists from “the old days” surprised me with a surprise birthday party on Zoom in 
my office at 4:30 PM.   Organized by Peter Staley and Janet Tobias.   On the Zoom were: Gregg 
Gonsalves, Peter Staley, David Barr, Mark Harrington, Jim Eigo, James Kellerstein, Peggy 
Hamburg, Judy Auerbach, Wafaa El Sadr, Matthew Rose, Moises Agosto
Had Zoom call last night with Vivek Murthy, Rochelle Walensky and David Kessler.   Vivek 
wanted to discuss in more detail what our advice would be to Biden regarding the mutant virus in 
the UK.   We discussed options of 1) shutting down travel from UK; 2) requiring pre-boarding 
testing from UK flights or even all flights from EU and South Africa or even all foreign flights; 
3) also discussed post-landing strategy such as giving people BINAX tests to take home and test 
themselves after they arrive.   Seems we will recommend at least pre-boarding testing, probably 
from all of EU and RSA.
Surge continues in some areas and decreases in others.   Deb’s notes:
There is a growing evidence showing aggressive public mitigation and clear messaging together does 
flattening the curve.  When one compares TN to OH, NC, WVA, KY – surrounding states.  TN 
fatalities/pop is 30-40% higher as states with more aggressive mitigation as it decreases the area under 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 548 ---
278
the curve – decreasing hospitalization and deaths per populations.  When all is done excess mortality 
will be greater in states with less mitigation when normalized for population age and other 
multivariants.  Deb 
1. The Coasts (80% of the population) are now 
driving the increasing cases, hospitalizations 
and soon deaths. 
The East and West Coast, Sunbelt, IN, OH,  KY, TN, 
WVA surging cases will drive cases and 
hospitalizations over the next week stressing their 
hospital systems and and inpatient care
The Vaccine Before Christmas
By Kevin A. Wilson (with apologies to Clement Clarke 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 549 ---
279
Moore)
‘Twas some days before Christmas—how many I’m not 
sure
(The days ran together; everything was a blur).
All the houses were locked down from COVID-19,
With everyone wishing for the promised vaccine.
The children were nestled and sleeping just fine.
They were all tuckered out from their classes online.
And mamma in her kerchief and I in my cap
Had just sanitized our hands and hung up our masks.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 550 ---
280
The year had been hard. We were due a vacation.
But the thing wanted most? Emergency use authorization.
Then out on the lawn there arose such a clatter,
I assumed it was another 2020 disaster.
I ran to the window and put on my mask,
But what would I see? I was too scared to ask.
The neighbors were quiet and socially distant,
Awaiting the time they’d be COVID resistant.
But despite travel bans, there then did appear
A miniature sleigh and eight tiny reindeer.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 551 ---
281
But this wasn’t Santa. His gut wasn’t paunchy.
It was the trusted presence of Anthony Fauci.
More rapid than eagles, at warp speed they came,
And he whistled, and shouted, and called them by name:
“Now Pfizer! Now Sanofi! Now Johnson & Johnson!
“On Moderna! On BioNTech! On Adaptive and Amgen!
To the top of the porch! To the top of the wall!
Now vaccinate, vaccinate, vaccinate all!”
As a virus expelled by a cough or a sneeze
When it meets plexiglass rises up on the breeze;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 552 ---
282
So up to the house-top the pharma all flew,
With the sleigh full of hope, and Dr. Fauci, too.
And then, in a twinkling, I heard on the roof
The prancing and pawing of each little hoof.
As I drew in my head, and was turning around,
Down the chimney Fauci came with a bound.
He was dressed in a suit, as was always his way,
And his neatly cut hair was a smart silver-grey.
A chart in one hand, a syringe in the other,
And a medical bag—a gift from his mother.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 553 ---
283
The wisdom in his eyes and the knowledge in his head
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.
With his reassuring smile covered up with a mask,
His no-nonsense style led him straight to the task.
He sprung to my side as I rolled up my sleeve,
And he stuck in the vaccine as quick as you please.
He flew to the bedroom, gave mamma a shot,
Then vaxxed both our kids without waking them up.
Inoculations complete, he returned to the chimney,
And gave me a pamphlet about what he put in me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 554 ---
284
Then raising his finger but not touching his nose,
And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose.
“C’mon, team!” he said. “We’ve a great opportunity.
If we vaccinate more we can reach herd immunity!”
Then he yelled back to me, as the sleigh quickly rose,
"I’ll be back in a fortnight for the follow-up dose." 
PRESS:  WNYW Local NYC TV with Rosanna Scotto – great interview.  The entire TV 
crew sang Happy Birthday to me on the air; Bloomberg TV – “Balance of Power” with 
David Westin; CBSN- Online TV; ITV (UK) news interview with Tom Bradby;
Washington Post article:
Coronavirus Living
Health
Fauci’s Christmas Eve: Turning 80 
and fighting the pandemic
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 555 ---
285
Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and head 
of the U.S. pandemic response, on Dec. 12. (André Chung for The Washington Post)
By 
Joel Achenbach
Dec. 23, 2020 at 8:00 a.m. EST
December 24, 2020 – Global – 77,500,000/1,700,000;    USA – 18,400,000/325,000
I am 80 years old!   Amazing number of Birthday wishes coming in.  Truly moving….
Birthday video from the OR Nursing/DPM staff in the NIH Clinical Center:
Dr. Fauci.pptx
Beautiful and loving tribute to me from my children on a video:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wgTkwmAlUhlnLKzIhWPlIR4E4WPpUMh6/view?usp=drivesdk
Joan Baez texted me: “HAPPY FUCKING BIRTHDAY AND MANY MORE”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 556 ---
286
Nature magazine picked me as one of Nature’s 10 – People who shaped science in 2020.
Over the past 3 weeks I have been on the cover of TIME magazine X2, once as one of the 100 
most influential people in the world again as the “Guardian of the Year”.   Also, on the cover of 
People magazine
By Kevin A. Wilson (with apologies to Clement Clarke Moore)
 
‘Twas some days before Christmas—how many I’m not sure
(The days ran together; everything was a blur).
All the houses were locked down from COVID-19,
With everyone wishing for the promised vaccine.
The children were nestled and sleeping just fine.
They were all tuckered out from their classes online.
And mamma in her kerchief and I in my cap
Had just sanitized our hands and hung up our masks.
The year had been hard. We were due a vacation.
But the thing wanted most? Emergency use authorization.
Then out on the lawn there arose such a clatter,
I assumed it was another 2020 disaster.
I ran to the window and put on my mask,
But what would I see? I was too scared to ask.
The neighbors were quiet and socially distant,
Awaiting the time they’d be COVID resistant.
But despite travel bans, there then did appear
A miniature sleigh and eight tiny reindeer.
But this wasn’t Santa. His gut wasn’t paunchy.
It was the trusted presence of Anthony Fauci.
More rapid than eagles, at warp speed they came,
And he whistled, and shouted, and called them by name:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 557 ---
287
“Now Pfizer! Now Sanofi! Now Johnson & Johnson!
“On Moderna! On BioNTech! On Adaptive and Amgen!
To the top of the porch! To the top of the wall!
Now vaccinate, vaccinate, vaccinate all!”
As a virus expelled by a cough or a sneeze
When it meets plexiglass rises up on the breeze;
So up to the house-top the pharma all flew,
With the sleigh full of hope, and Dr. Fauci, too.
And then, in a twinkling, I heard on the roof
The prancing and pawing of each little hoof.
As I drew in my head, and was turning around,
Down the chimney Fauci came with a bound.
He was dressed in a suit, as was always his way,
And his neatly cut hair was a smart silver-grey.
A chart in one hand, a syringe in the other,
And a medical bag—a gift from his mother.
The wisdom in his eyes and the knowledge in his head
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.
With his reassuring smile covered up with a mask,
His no-nonsense style led him straight to the task.
He sprung to my side as I rolled up my sleeve,
And he stuck in the vaccine as quick as you please.
He flew to the bedroom, gave mamma a shot,
Then vaxxed both our kids without waking them up.
Inoculations complete, he returned to the chimney,
And gave me a pamphlet about what he put in me.
Then raising his finger but not touching his nose,
And giving a nod, up the chimney he rose.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 558 ---
288
“C’mon, team!” he said. “We’ve a great opportunity. 
If we vaccinate more we can reach herd immunity!”
Then he yelled back to me, as the sleigh quickly rose,
"I’ll be back in a fortnight for the follow-up dose."
 
PRESS: ABC News Joan Hamburg; Instagram Live with Geoff Edgars of Washington Post
Wall Street Journal: Through AIDS, Ebola and Covid, Dr. 
Fauci Is Still Treating Patients 
The nation’s top infectious-disease official received the 
vaccine in part because he still does rounds in the hospital 
several days a week.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 559 ---
289
By Ben Cohen at ben.cohen@wsj.com and Louise Radnofsky at louise.radnofsky@wsj.com
December 25, 2020 – Global – 78,00,000/1,700,000;  USA – 18,600,000/328,000
Trump at Mar-a Largo while country in crisis.  Cases still surging in certain areas (see 
below).   Relief bill in purgatory since he does not want to sign it because of disagreement about 
amount of relief ($600 versus $2000).   Everyone had agreed to $600 even though the Dems 
wanted more.   White House staff agreed to the bill.   Sent to Trump for signature, except that 
now that he has finally looked at it, he wants the $2000 per person, which is what the Dems 
wanted to begin with, and the GOP objected to.   And so now, he is bucking against his own 
GOP.   In the meantime, people are starving without aid.  Also, the USG might shut down since 
the Omnibus budget bill has not been signed either.   Amidst all this, Trump is pardoning a large 
number of people (>40), almost all who were involved in the issues surrounding the probe of him 
and the impeachment matters.   He also pardoned Gen. Flynn, Roger Stone, and Charles 
Kushner.
Deb’s daily report:
Aggressive post Holiday testing of those who gathered and rapid utilization of Mab in those at highest 
risk for severe outcomes will be critical over the next 2-3 weeks to blunt the impact of Holiday 
gatherings. Deb
1. Summarizing the current state of the pandemic :  overall the USA is at 
a high plateau for cases and hospitalizations and due to lagging 
fatalities reporting in improving states we won't see the fatality 
plateau until the next 2 weeks
2. I summarized the top 10 states in this data summary for cases in 
order : CA, FL, NY, GA, PA, OH, TX, AZ, IL, IN – slides 11-20 – of these 
states only PA, OH, IL are improving the others are escalating or at a 
high plateau.  
3. Data will be unstable for the next 2 weeks with both Christmas and 
New Years but will be tracking new admissions and rate of new 
admissions
4. The current pandemic state is a combination of continued 
improvement in the center of America and continued deterioration in 
CA, NV, TX, across the sunbelt and up the East Coast and including TN 
and WVA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 560 ---
290
PRESS:   Print version of Joel Achenbach’s feature on my birthday appeared in the 
Washington Post.
December 26, 2020 – Global – 78,400,000/1,700,000;   USA – 18,700,000/330,000
1. Data will be unstable for the next 2 weeks with both 
Christmas and New Years but will be tracking new 
admissions and rate of new admissions
2. 24 States did not report yesterday on critical pandemic 
parameters and will cause a surge in cases and fatalities 
due to this reporting issue in the next few days
3. Summarizing the current state of the pandemic :  overall 
the USA is at a high plateau for cases and 
hospitalizations and due to lagging fatalities reporting in 
improving states we won't see the fatality plateau until 
the next 2 weeks
Adrienne Arsht sent me an amazing video that she asked Robert Pullen (Kennedy Center) to put 
together to celebrate my 80th birthday.   They gathera whole bunch of celebrities to sing to me 
and offer words of praise and congratulations:  Orlando Bloom, Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 561 ---
291
Amy Poehler, Lily Tomlin, Sophia Bush, Matthew McConaughey, Steve Buscemi, Magic 
Johnson, Joan Baez, and many others.   It was very moving.
Situation unchanged.   Still outrage that Trump is messing up the relief bill.
Harmony Foundation gave me:
Top US doctor among 10 to get Mother 
Teresa Award
Mohammed Wajihuddin / TNN / Dec 25, 2020, 09:38 IST
PRESS:  Good historical documentation of the CDC screw-up with the COVID-19 test by 
David Wilman in the Washington Post -  
The CDC’s failed race against covid-19: A 
threat underestimated and a test 
overcomplicated
The Atlanta headquarters of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (Ron Harris/AP)
By 
David Willman
Dec. 26, 2020 at 8:00 a.m. EST
Add to list
December 27, 2020 – Global – 79,200,000/1,800,000;   USA – 18,900,000/331,000
Deb’s note for the day: Hospitalizations had stablized and specific metros were significantly declining 
so we will be able to see a post-Holiday surge in cases and hospitalizations and predict depth of surge 
impact by 10 Jan. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 562 ---
292
1. Data will be unstable for the next 2 weeks  and decreases cannot be 
interpreted with both Christmas and New Years but will be tracking new 
hospital admissions
2. 24 States did not report yesterday on critical pandemic parameters and will 
cause a surge in cases and fatalities due to this reporting issue in the next few 
days
3. Summarizing the current state of the pandemic :  overall the USA is at a high 
plateau for cases and hospitalizations and due to lagging fatalities reporting 
in improving states we won't see the fatality plateau until the next 2 week s
Some areas going done and others are still surging.  Big question will be whether we will have a 
post-holiday (Christmas and New Year surge).  
Letter from VP 
Pence - December 18  
Photo with VP 
Pence - December, 2
Raising concern about what Trump might do as a last-ditch effort to prevent Biden from assuming the 
Presidency.   He is already calling for demonstrations in Washington at the time of the January 6 
ratification of the electoral votes by the Congress.   He could induce riots and then invoke martial law to 
“control” the riots.   Also, he could not sign the Omnibus budget bill and cause a government shutdown 
that could interfere with the inauguration
PRESS:  CNN State of the Union with Dana Bash;
The Guardian:
Interview
'New disease, no treatment, no cure': how 
Anthony Fauci's fight against Aids prepared 
him for Covid-19 
Benjamin Ryan 
December 28, 2020 – Global – 79,900,000/1,800,000;   USA – 19,100,000/332,200
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 563 ---
293
POTUS changed his mind and signed the Omnibus budget bill avoiding a closure of USG.
Spoke with Deb. This AM (this is one of many early morning 6:00 AM calls that I have with her 
just to check in and schmooze about what is going on.   She is concerned (probably correctly so) 
that the Biden people think that there is some COVID-19 response structure here and there is not.  
There is her and backup from CDC and she railed on about how bad the CDC is (I agree with her 
in part).   She feels that they completely blew COVID-19 by acting like it was influenza  and 
they plugged in the “syndromic” model where you follow and test only those who are 
symptomatic since it took them forever to admit that COVID-19 was spread symptomatically 
and was very much different from influenza.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 564 ---
294
PRESS:   Taped podcast with ABC Jonathan Karl for later viewing;
December 29, 2020 – Global – 79,900,0900/1,800,000;  USA – 19,200,000/334,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 565 ---
295
1.Most concerning are where COVID 
admissions are rising now showing 
significant community spread just prior to 
the Holidays and could have the most 
significant post Holiday surge – this is 
TX, GA, SC, NC, WVA.
POTUS in Florida playing golf.   Massive explosion in Nashville, TN – he has no comment at 
all.   Case now at 19,000,000 with 332,000 deaths and he has not mentioned COVID-19 in 
days/weeks.
Met by Zoom with Dr.  Jeong, Eun-kyeong, Commissioner of Korea Disease Control and 
Prevention Agency to discuss ongoing and future collaborations in COVID-19.   They were part 
of the ACTT therapeutic trials.
Call with Peggy Hamburg.   She is concerned about what she is hearing that Janet Woodcock 
will be FDA Commissioner and that David Kessler will be the “FDA person in the White 
House”.   She has trouble with both of them. She is feeling left out in that the Biden people are 
not conferring with her about anything.
Am getting concerned that the administration of vaccines is lagging far behind the projected 
number of 40 million by end of December.   They have actually administered only ~2 million 
this far with 2 day left in the year.
Letter from Michael 
R. Bloomberg to Dr.  
Spoke with Adam Silver (NBA Commissioner) about rest of NBA season.   They have come out of the 
“bubble” and wanted my take on what the immediate future looked like regarding infections.   They 
have done very well and have had to cancel only 1 game.  David Ho is helping to advise them and was on 
the Zoom call.
Continue to get calls from Jeff Zientz just checking facts and policy with me when Biden is about to go 
out and make a speech
Rounds with Clinical staff during COVID:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 566 ---
296
SKM_C754e2012291
8270.pdf
PRESS:  CNN New Day with Jim Sciutto; TV interview with Steve Clemons – “The Bottom 
Line” shown on Al Jazeera English; NPR Radio with Joe Palca
Trump ends Obama's 12-year run as most 
admired man: Gallup
By Zack Budryk - 12/29/20 07:32 AM EST 3,058 
 
President Trump has ended former President Obama's 12-year run as the most admired man in America, 
edging out his predecessor in the annual Gallup survey released Tuesday.
Eighteen percent of the survey's respondents named Trump as their most admired man, compared to 15 
percent who named Obama and 6 percent who named President-elect Joe Biden. Three percent named 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Director Anthony Fauci, while 2 percent chose Pope 
Francis.
Rounding out the top 10 were Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), Microsoft founder Bill 
Gates, Los Angeles Lakers star LeBron James and the Dalai Lama, all of whom received 1 percent.
Most Admired Man, 2020
What man that you have heard or read about, living today in any part of the world, do you admire most?
% Mentioning Number of top 10 finish
Donald Trump 18 10
Barack Obama 15 15
Joe Biden 6 2
Dr. Anthony Fauci 3 1
Pope Francis 2 8
Elon Musk 1 4
Bernie Sanders 1 6
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 567 ---
297
% Mentioning Number of top 10 finish
Bill Gates 1 21
LeBron James 1 1
Dalai Lama 1 11
Combined first and second mentions; rankings based on total number of responses
G A L L U P ,  D E C .  1 - 1 7 ,  2 0 2 0
December 30, 2020 – Global    USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 568 ---
298
General Gus Perna asked to speak with me this Am (7:30 AM) for advice and “comfort”.   
There has been criticism about the roll-out of vaccines.   @0 million doses were promised by the 
end of December and we only have 11 million.   Also, only 2-3 million have been administered 
(the latter is not his responsibility).  He realizes that there is disappointment and wants advice.   I 
told him that above all he needs to be transparent and honest and not try to coverup any 
deficiency.   This is a big operation and he should expect bumps in the road.   He bemoaned that 
on the battlefield when he was on the radio he could tell from the background sounds and the 
“vibes’ on the radio how the battle was going.   With vaccines, even on conference calls, he 
really cannot get a good feel for what all the players are doing and  how honest they are being.   
He does not trust Pfizer; he thinks that they keep moving the goal posts.   He likes Moderna.   He 
was very grateful for the call.
Senator Marco Rubio is acting like a real asshole.   He is publicly calling me a liar about my 
statement in the NY Times about my assessments for the percent vaccinations needed for herd 
immunity. I had said that I modified my assessment of 70 to 75%  to be 70 to 85% because we 
really did not know the precise number and I wanted to encourage people to get vaccinated to 
achieve herd immunity.   Actually, I made that change by extrapolating the measles situation 
where measles vaccine is 98% effective whereas SARS-CoV-2 is 94-95% effective.   Measles 
begins to lose herd immunity at around 89-90% of population vaccinated and so I brought up the 
SARS-CoV-2 to 85% with the range being 70 to 85%.   For that he called me a “liar” Big 
hypocrite as he continues to kiss Trump’s ass – the world’s biggest liar.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 569 ---
299
“Sen. Marco Rubio: Dr. Fauci lied about coronavirus — I am appalled by his 
arrogance”
Placing blind faith in unelected celebrity scientists has its limits, and we must 
not be afraid to call them out
 By Sen. Marco Rubio | Fox News
Had 2nd conversation with Rochelle Walensky where I am advising her on her new position as 
CDC Director.  I briefed her on the fact that as good as some of the CDC people are, as an 
institution they have hubris and are often incorrect.   She needs to follow her good instincts and 
question what they are doing in a friendly, non-threatening manner.
PRESS: WTOP Special Radio with J.J. Green; UK TimesRadio interview; C-SPAN TV 
interview with Gov. Newsom of California; MSNBC “The Last Word” with Lawrence 
O’Donnell
December 31, 2020 – Global – 81,500,000/1,800,000;  USA – 19,700,000/341,200
1. Most concerning are rising case counts during a dramatic 
decline in testing – CA, TX, FL and where COVID 
admissions are rising consistent with significant 
undetected community spread prior to the Holidays and 
potentially the most significant post Holiday surge – this 
is FL, TX, GA, SC, NC, WVA.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 570 ---
300
2. New admissions rising in OK, TX, AL, MS, GA, FL, NY, MA, 
WVA, KY High Plateau in CA, AZ, NM, AR, TN, MD, CT, NJ
3. States with the most hospital staff stress are those states 
in the dark red zone and still rising – CA, AZ, GA and 
those states in the red zone and still rising – OK, TX, MS, 
AL, SC, TN, DE, NY
4. The Coasts (80% of the population) are now driving the 
increasing cases, hospitalizations and deaths. 
Mackenzie Miller (Daughter of Katie and Stephen Miller)  admitted couple 
days ago first to Georgetown Hospital and then transferred to Children’s National.   
Developed acute onset of unresponsiveness.  Improved significantly on IV fluids 
and antibiotics and acyclovir.   Baby (6 months old) exposed to grandmother who 
has cold sore and so HSV encephalitis suspected.   MRI (brain), EEG, physical 
(some hyporeflexia) all OK.   Have spoken with her ID physician Reinhard 
Wiedermann and will speak with neurologist Elizabeth Wells.  Am on phone 
frequently with Katie and Stephen.
PRESS:  NBC Today Show with Craig Melvin; WBAL Baltimore Radio; MSNBC with 
Andrea Mitchell;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 571 ---
301
January 1, 2021 – Global – 81,900,000/1,800,000;   USA – 20,000,000/345,000
Records continue to be broken with 125,000 hospitalizations and >3000 deaths.  GOP and 
Trump planning to challenge the January congressional certification of the electoral votes.   
Disgraceful assault on democracy.
• Spoke with Mitt Romney this AM who ran by me an OpEd he wants to submit 
pointing out the lack of success and weaknesses of the vaccine rollout plan and 
suggestions of how to improve it.  Clearly there is a problem (see below)
Problem with vaccine rollout.   Plan was to have 40 million doses delivered by December 31 with 20 
million in the arms and 20 million in reserve.   This far 14 million delivered and 2.7 million in the arms.   
Clearly, they need to catch up.   There is no central “plan” similar to no plan for testing and no plan for 
PPE.
1. Most concerning are rising case counts during a dramatic 
decline in testing – CA, TX, FL and where COVID 
admissions are rising consistent with significant 
undetected community spread prior to the Holidays and 
potentially the most significant post Holiday surge – this 
is FL, TX, GA, SC, NC, WVA.
2. States with the most hospital staff stress are those states 
in the dark red zone and still rising – CA, AZ, GA and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 572 ---
302
those states in the red zone and still rising – OK, TX, MS, 
AL, SC, TN, DE, NY
3. The Coasts (80% of the population) are now driving the 
increasing cases, hospitalizations and death
        January 2, 2021 – Global – 82,400,000/1,800,000; USA – 20,100,000/347,000
Deaths now averaging around 3000 per day.   Hospitalizations continue to break records.
Trump totally focused on disrupting the transfer of power and declaring the election invalid.   
Big day coming up on January 5 when the Congress certifies the Electoral Votes.
January 3, 2021 – Global – 82,600,000/1,800,000;  USA – 20,300,000/350,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 573 ---
303
Data remains unstable but early signals are increasing test positivity (49) states and in some states rising 
cases – tracking closely.   Concerned about upcoming post-holiday surge
1. Reporting remains unstable and will create this current 
valley and peak (slide ¾) due to reporting alone – 
watching slope of rise.
2. Testing is down 40% over the past 7 days creating a high 
admission rate/case across all age groups and any 
increase in cases concerning
3. 49 states have rising test positivity and 17 rising cases 
despite reporting issue – this normal precedes a 
significant surge is hospitalizations
Total deaths have not reached 350,000!!
Tweet from Trump:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 574 ---
304
Got a call from Jeff Zients wanting to confirm the I still am in favor of Janet Woodcock for FDA 
Commissioner.  He was getting some negative signals from some people that she was involved in 
the EUA for hydroxychloroquine.   I explained to Jeff that this was really Mark Meadows 
pressuring Steve Hahn who caved in.
PRESS:  ABC “This Week” with Martha Raddatz; NBC “Meet the Press” with Chuck 
Todd;
January 4, 2021 – Global – 83,700,000/1,800,000;   USA – 20,600,000/350,700
Expecting the post-holiday surge
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 575 ---
305
1. I have included the European data in slides 3 and 4 – most of the European 
increases being driven by the UK
2. You can also see from slide 3 the rate of rise of our Fall/winter surge was more 
dramatic consistent with the USA having its own more infectious variant
Things starting to move with my involvement with the Biden team.   Biden is concerned 
about making sure that he reaches 100 million doses of vaccine in the 1st 100 days.   We are 
meeting by zoom with him tomorrow and today and tomorrow we had/will have pre-brief 
meetings to discuss our plan – led by Jeff Zients.   Present were Natalie Quillian, Vivek Murthy, 
Marcella Nunez-Smith, Rochelle Walensky, David Kessler, Asma Mirza, and Sonya Bernstein.  
Plan is to develop community vaccination centers, use mobile units to get to rural areas, etc.
Nursing staff in the OR at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital all wearing Fauci caps.   Email 
sent to me by Atul Gawande.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 576 ---
306
PRESS:   Did zoom interview with the Newsday Editorial Board; MSNBC “All In” with 
Chris Hayes
January 5, 2021 – Global – 84,200,000/1,800,000  USA – 20,700,000/352,000
Deb’s notes:  Made this shorter to make serious points.  First and foremost our Fall surge slope is 
nearly identical to the UK slope suggesting we have had our own more transmissible strain since then 
and it was responsible for the Fall surge in the Northern Plain states. My concern then was this type of 
surge moving into the more populous states as it has now in CA and now Tx and the sunbelt is unstable 
as well as the midAtlantic and NorthEast. Viruses are always in search of escape mutants than are more 
transmissible yet preserving replication capacity.  This is happening around the globe and the 
immunologic pressure on viruses drive this potential and we continue to increase the immunologic 
pressure through percent of population infected, use of plasma and monoclonal Ab and now 
immunization.  Key to RNA viruses with this of high mutation potential is to rapidly immunize the 
population especially those most likely to have high replication potential – those over 65.  We have to 
accelerate the immunization of those over 65 ASAP.  We can’t hold back on the rest of Tier 1 awaiting 
1a.  We have been in 1a for a month without adequate progress. Deb
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 577 ---
307
 
Trump going completely crazy.  Was recorded on an hour-long telephone call with Secretary of 
State of Georgia Brad Raffensperger to change the votes and asked for 11, 780 votes to be 
changed (he lost Georgia by 11,779).   Clearly a criminal act of trying to influence an election.  
More cowardly GOPs are backing Trump in the House Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) and Senate (Ted 
Cruz (R-TX) and Josh Hawley (R-MO)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 578 ---
308
• Big discussion and debate in the press about whether to give more single doses of 
vaccine and wait few months before the second dose.   The UK is doing this with 
the AZ vaccine.  There is no scientific data to justify this.  They are doing it 
because they want to give more people first doses.   Our problem is not more 
people than doses, it is that we are not injecting as many people (4 million) with 
the doses that we have (14 million).   Much discussion in the press about this.
• Had Zoom meeting with Biden and Harris.   Meeting led by Jeff Zients.   
Present was Ron Klain, Natalie Quillian, Marcella Nunez-Smith, David Kessler, 
Vivek Murthy, Rochelle Walensky, Bechara Choucair.   Topic was that Biden 
wants to announce in a speech 3 transforming steps that he will initiate regarding 
vaccines.   Natalie presented our plan and there was discussions about using 
pharmacies first and then as we get more doses, opening up “Community Vaccine 
Centers”.  I described status of the outbreak.  Biden is much more in favor of 
federal presence than is the Trump administration.   Slide deck is below:
Slide Deck - COVID 
Policy Briefing 1 5.pd
PRESS:  Interview with Newsweek UK; AP Online interview with Lauren Neergaard;
January 6, 2021 -  Global – 84,800,000/1,900,000;   USA – 21,000,000/356,000
Spoke on chat with Chiefs of Police and with Presidents of Jesuit Schools (led by Fr. Dan Lahart 
of Regis)
Made rounds on COVID-19 patient at Clinical Center.   I have been doing this about 1X per 
week.   Saw patient today with COVID disease - 73 y.o.  AA male, ex-marine, ex-State Trooper.   
Says this is worse he has ever felt.
• My group (Mascola, Graham, Lane, Marston briefed the ART team led by Lu Borio and 
Marcella Nunez-Smith and David Kessler.  We spoke about the mutant viruses in UK and 
RSA and their impact on mAbs and vaccines.
1. There is a significant increase in test positivity rate and a high hospital 
admission rate/case across all age groups
2. I have included the top 10 states for cases and it is a mix of states that were 
surging prior to the Holidays NY, TX, FL, GA, AZ and states that were improving 
or stabilzing prior to the Holidays CA, PA, OH, IL, NJ and tracking these states 
will be key to estimating the impact of the Holidays on cases and eventually 
hospitalizations
The Fall surge in the Northern Plain states was more aggressive and we warned if this type 
of surge hit populous states this would threaten the health care system – this is what we 
are seeing in CA and to be clear this is spreading across the Sunbelt and into the North East.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 579 ---
309
Trump incites riot as protestors storm the Capitol, break windows and occupy 
Pelosi’s office.   Capitol Police utter failure to control them. Democrats take both 
Senate seats in Georgia Election - Jon Ossoff and Raphael Warnock.   
Biden electoral votes certified by Joint Session of Congress.   Sens. Hawley and Cruz 
fight to the bitter end to their shame.   Several senators who originally had 
supported the attempt to overthrow the election have changed their mind because of 
the shock of the storming of the Capitol
PRESS:  Podcast Fireside Chat with David Rubenstein for the Economic Club of 
Washington, DC; BNN Bloomberg Canadian TV; 
January 7, 2021 – Global – 85,500,000/1,900,000;    USA – 21,300,000/360,000
Record number of deaths yesterday - >3963.  Today another record at 4000.   Surging continues.   
Slow start in the implementation of administration of vaccines.   Was supposed to have 20 
million doses distributed and administered by December 31.   Today there have been 15 million 
distributed and 5 million administered.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 580 ---
310
PRESS:  NPR – “Morning Edition”, Noel King; France24 TV (Arabic language); WJLA 
TV; 
New York Times: NYT: Fauci says he thinks that January will get worse, and that the 
vaccination effort needs more time.
January 8, 2021 – Global    USA
4111 Deaths!!  Record hospitalizations.
I have been on the phone with Jeff Zients a few times today.  I checked the number for 
projected requirement of vaccines to fulfill the promise of 100 million doses in arms in 1st 100 
days of Biden administration.  The number in the Biden slides (Kessler derived) was 275 million 
doses and 135 million people (getting 2 doses) by end of April.   I called Moncef Slaoui and got 
the actual numbers and they totaled 189 million.   I called Jeff and let him know.   He checked 
with Kessler who then checked with Moncef and they figures that the doses that had already 
been allocated prior but not given yet would make up for the difference.   I am concerned that we 
(Biden team) will not meet the promise.   Too many vicissitudes in vaccine production.   Perhaps 
Janssen will bale us out with the 25 million doses in March and 40 million in April (single dose 
required).    Then, Biden team announced that they would not hold back any doses to save for 2nd 
shot, but will immunize everyone then can with doses they have.   This places a lot of faith in the 
precision of the production/delivery of doses.  They may have to pause with 1st doses to catch up 
with 2nd dose requirement.
At 8:00 PM tonight as I was over Rob and Ellen’s “open Garage” dining room, Jeff Zients 
called me again asking for a favor.  A Politico reporter is already getting ready to write a story 
spreading rumors that Biden is upset with his COVID team and Jeff is asking a favor for me to 
go on “background” and tell the reporter that they are doing a very good job.   I told Jeff that I 
would of course be happy to do this.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 581 ---
311
PRESS: NPR International – “The World”; C-SPAN doing “Facts and Faith” at VCU talk 
with Virginia Governor Northam.   Speaking to Black Faith leaders
January  9, 2021 -  Global  -  87,600,000/1,900,000;  USA – 22,000,000/368,000
The pandemic is getting more scary.   Every day more and more cases and deaths.  Patients in 
the hallways in California.   Nurses and MDs exhausted.  It seems that people are getting 
infected who are being careful and have no idea why they are getting infected.   N501Y mutation 
is here in the USA, but it is not dominant.   We may actually have out own mutant that we have 
not recognized since the CDC has not really been looking.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 582 ---
312
Had conversation this AM 12:10 PM to 12:50 PM with 2 reporters from Politico (Adam Cancryn 
and Tyler Pager).   Call set up by T.J. Ducklo (see note about regarding call from Jeff Zients).  
See above regarding content of call.  I convinced them that the Biden team is a good team and 
that the discontent is typical Washington, DC rumors.  Interesting that someone associated with 
Biden campaign is already spreading damaging rumors about the team.   Probably someone who 
wanted a place in the transition and is not satisfied with what was given to them.
David Ho is doing tests on convalescent sera and sera of people who were vaccinated and is 
finding disturbing data in both the UK and worse in the RSA mutants.  It looks like the vaccine 
might be compromised.   We need to prepare to modify the vaccine if this observation holds up.   
Also, Peter Staley and James Kellerstein are writing an article for an OpEd to ask for the DPA to 
build a plant so that we can make unlimited amount of vaccine.   Ewe can use this if we need to 
quickly do a strain change.
   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 583 ---
313
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 584 ---
historical record of A.S. Fauci – Part 3
January 10, 2021 – Global – 88,400,000/1,900,000  USA – 22,100,000/371,100
And the surge goes on…..  There is a real concern that we have our own mutant that is resulting 
in an increased surge in cases.   People are saying they have no idea how they got infected since 
they have been observing public health recommendations.   See below comments from Birx.
After Thanksgiving the Northern Plains MN, IL, MI held and did not significantly deteriorate.  In contrast 
this current post Holiday surge is causing deterioration in all metros including metros that were stable 
and metros that did not experience a significant post Thanksgiving surge.  NYC has returned to case 
counts equal to the Spring recognizing we are testing at much higher rates but this surge is just 
beginning in NYC and with this current rate of rise of cases could drive significant cases, hospitalizations 
and deaths especially if it deteriorates at the rate of LA.  Proactive setting up of infusion sites now is 
critical in all large metros and active immunization of those over 65.  We have enough vaccine in the 
States to immunize nearly 15M senior which would be nearly 25% of all seniors over 65.  We need to 
treat this current situation as the emergency it is. Deb
Deb’s report:
1. Reporting has stabilized and we have returned to the pre-thanksgiving rate of cases as the current 
resurgence moves into the populous states from CA to TX to FL and resume a full log phase 
rate
2. EVERY METRO over 500K residents is deteriorating except Honolulu. -  even those that had 
been stable now have rising cases  slides 6-52 : NYC area is now reached cases greater than the 
Spring surge
3. All of the most populous states are deteriorating or continuing to deteriorate – CA, TX, FL, NY – only 
CA maybe showing signs of reaching a high plateau – TX, FL, NY will become the new epicenter of this 
surge over the next 3 weeks – I believe we have had our own evolved and more transmissible strain 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 585 ---
or strains since September by reviewing all the epidemiologic data – this fall/winter has a more rapid 
rate of rise from the beginning which predated Thanksgiving and continues at the rate post the 
Holidays (slide 3) – this rate of rise is now independent of the weather as it is occurring across the 
South, LA, etc -  the surge is more difficult to mitigate - which will require more aggressive action to 
control and all actions need to be taken now to flatten this curve and preserve the health system) 
Normally the weekly high for fatalities is Wednesday – deeply concerning that both Weds Thurs and 
now Friday have deaths near 4000/day
See graphs on slide set below (frightening):
10Jan2021DataSum
mary.pptx
Major discussion among Congress in invoking the 25th Amendment to remove Trump.   
Pelosi is going to go ahead with impeachment proceedings even though there would be no time 
to convict, they can impeach.   Several people in the White House and Cabinet are resigning – 
Elaine Chao, Matt Pottinger.   POTUS is attacking Pence for not going along with his attempts to 
overthrow the election.   Poor Pence.   He had been so loyal, but I am pleased to see that the 
goodness that I recognized in him is coming out, albeit a bit late in the game.   The crazies in the 
Trump following are calling for the execution of Pence, similar to Crazy Steve Bannon calling 
for my beheading.
PRESS: WGN Radio (Steve Dale) – Chicago;
Satire from The Borowitz Report
Fauci Says Immunity from Trump Requires 
Two Doses of Impeachment
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 586 ---
By Andy Borowitz
January 11, 2021 – Global – 88,800,000/1,900,000;   USA – 22,300,000/373,200  
Surge continues unabated.   Deb’s notes:
1. Reporting has stabilized and we have returned to the rapid pre-
thanksgiving rate of cases as the current resurgence moves into the 
populous states from CA to TX to FL
2. Nearly all METROs over 500K residents is deteriorating. -  even 
those that had been stable now have rising cases  slides 22-26: NYC 
area is now reached cases greater than the Spring surge
3. All of the most populous states are deteriorating – CA, TX, FL, NY – only 
CA maybe showing signs of reaching a high plateau – TX, FL, NY will 
become the new epicenter of this surge over the next 3 weeks – as 
viruses evolve and strains are imported– the fall/winter has a more 
rapid rate of rise predating Thanksgiving and continues at the rate post 
the
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 587 ---
Continued discussion about invoking the 25th Amendment.   Trump have been permanently 
banned from Twitter and at least temporarily from Facebook (maybe permanent).  Trump stating 
that “it is only beginning”.   Intelligence chatter indicating that there will be massive 
demonstrations and even violence associated with the inauguration.
Mick Mulvaney made some interesting comments on a CNN Special on “insurrection”.   When 
asked why so many people stuck with Trump when all the signs were there that he was acting 
crazy.   Mick said that when you lie with him in the WH day after day, you see that he has 
accomplished a lot and you tend to downplay in your mind the signs of craziness.   I even saw 
some of that during the time that I went to the WH every day for months in the Spring and 
Summer.
Marc Short called me and asked for me to make connection with the Biden people and invite 
someone to today’s Task Force Meeting so that the Biden Team can get a feel for how the 
current task Force works.   I called Jeff Zients and Jeff gave them Cyrus Shahpar who is on the 
Biden team and works for Tom Frieden.
Did a chat with Bishop TD Jakes including Kizzy Corbett.  Trying to
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 588 ---
Spoke with Pat Foye of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA).   They want me to do 
a 1 minute PSA to encourage their  employees to get vaccinated.
PRESS: Rural TV Network – “Rural Health Matters”, Nashville, TN TV; 
POLITICO: ‘There is a palpable concern’: Biden presses advisers over 100 million Covid 
shot goal  (This relates to my conversation with Zients/Ducklo)
CDC: No sign of homegrown U.S. coronavirus 
variant, but scientists need to look harder
By 
Joel Achenbach, 
Kim Bellware and 
Hamza Shaban
January 12, 2021 – Global – 89,400,000/1,900,000;   USA – 22,500,000/375,100
4400 deaths today
John Mascola working with David Ho to determine the possibility that the UK (N501Y; 
B.1.1.7) and/or the RSA mutants evade the antibodies induced by vaccines.   According to Ho, 
the RSA mutants are much more troublesome in that they do not eliminate the protection of 
vaccine induced antibodies, but they definitely decrease by 2 to 3-fold their potency.   David is 
now working on studying the UK mutant. Stay tuned.
The next 4 weeks will be determined by whether the large Southern, upper Mid-West,  Mid-Atlantic and 
North-East metros will be able to contain the rapid accelerating viral spread or have the prolonged log 
phase followed by the high plateau of LA (now entering month 3).  Deb
1. Reporting has stabilized and we have returned to the rapid pre-thanksgiving rate of cases as the 
current resurgence moves into the populous states from CA to TX to FL : cases are up 7% from 
last week's same time period. 
2. Nearly all METROs over 500K residents is deteriorating. -  even those that had been stable 
now have rising cases slides 7-45: NYC area is now reached cases greater than the Spring 
surge
Throughout “the 2019 flu season from Sept. 29 to Dec. 28, the CDC reported more than 65,000 
cases of influenza nationwide,” while “during the same period last year, the agency reported 1,016 
cases.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 589 ---
• Had discussion with Chris Whitty and Patrick Vallance of the UK regarding their mutant 
and their vaccine program.  They confirmed that the mutant is spreading widely in UK 
and other EU countries and also that there is no increase in virulence of escape from 
vaccine-induced antibodies.   They also mentioned that they are more concerned about 
the RSA variant (mutants).
• Did Fireside Chat with Barbara Bush on “Future Forum for Preparedness” (her Global 
Health Corps)
Had discussion with Azar, Pence, and the OWS crew about vaccine rollout.   We will as of 
tomorrow (announce at the Governor’s call) that we are changing our rollout strategy.   We are 
going to be more flexible and not strictly wedded to the ACIP/CDC guidance of Phase 1a.   We 
should continue that, but move on the people >65 years old and people 16 (or 18) to 64 with 
underlying conditions
Am communicating with Stanley Tucci.   He has heard through the media that I make Tympani:
From: Stanley Tucci <sta914@gmail.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2021 2:28 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Cc: Lottie Birmingham <lottie.birmingham@icloud.com>
Subject: Re: Stanley Tucci and Timpano
Dr. Fauci,
Thank you so much for your timely response and your kind words. The books will be whisking 
their way towards you imminently.  It is my hope that someday we might prepare and enjoy a Timpano 
together.  All the best to you and your family. 
With great respect and 
admiration, Stan  
On 12 Jan 2021, at 6:54 pm, Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov> wrote:
Mr. Tucci:
     Thank you for your very kind note.   I was thrilled to hear from as I am a great 
fan of your acting and am looking forward to watching your CNN Special.   I would 
be honored if you could send me autographed copies of your cook books.  My 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 590 ---
address is 3012 – 43rd Street, NW; Washington, DC 20016.   I hope that you are 
doing well during these difficult times.   Please stay safe. 
Warm regards,
Tony
 Jeff Zients called me to get approval of a statement that Biden will put out criticizing the Trump 
administration for opening up the floodgates of the Phases for vaccines (see above) given that 
there is not enough vaccine to go around at this point.  Indicated that I did not like the statement 
sine it was a gotcha.  Jeff did not like that but nonetheless changed it somewhat according to my 
suggestions.
PRESS: Here Are 18 Celebrities (And Public 
Figures) Who Have Gotten The 
Coronavirus Vaccine
From politicians to performers.
by Matt Stopera
BuzzFeed Staff
January 13, 2021 – Global – 90,100,000/1,900,000; USA – 22,700,000/379,000
The surge continues.   Could this be that we are dealing with our own highly contagious variant, 
but we do not realize it since the CDC sequencing surveillance has not been very comprehensive 
as has the UK surveillance?   See below
1. Reporting has stabilized and we have returned to the rapid pre-
thanksgiving rate of cases as the current resurgence moves into the 
populous states from CA to TX to FL : cases are up 7% from last 
week's same time period, as CA improves, the high population 
states of TX and FL will surge and the fatalities will increase, many 
states are reaching 0.2% rates per population deaths
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 591 ---
2. Nearly all METROs over 500K residents is deteriorating. -  even 
those that had been stable now have rising cases  slides 15-18: NYC 
area is now reached cases greater than the Spring surge
 
Trump impeached for 2nd time!   Several Republicans vote in House for impeachment.   
Unlikely to come to trial in Senate until after inauguration.   Biden does not want distraction 
from his 100 days agenda.
Had zoom call with President of Ecuador – President Lenin Moreno Garces.   We discussed 
the situation in Ecuador, vaccines and a whole bunch of questions that he had.  Seems like a very 
smart person.   I promised to advocate for equitable availability of vaccines throughout the world 
including Ecuador.
Had Zoom call with Biden team – (Marcella Nunez-Smith, David Kessler, Rochelle Walensky, 
Vivek Murthy, Connolly Keigler and Maju Varghese).   David led discussion regarding the 
inauguration.   Originally there was supposed to be 250 people on the platform 6 feet apart  
()POTUS and VP and Family, supreme court justices, leaders of Congress.   6 feet apart, all 
masked, all tested.   Then then wanted 29,000 on the West Front.  Maju Varghese was 
operationally responsible for arrangements.   These 29,000 were cut down to 2000 by David 
(who is overall responsible for arrangements).   The meeting today was to determine if we were 
OK with this.   We all (Marcella, Rochelle, Vivek) voted that there should be no one on the West 
Front.   I made the argument that some of the GOP Congressmen could make trouble by not 
wearing masks the way they refused when the Capitol was attacked and they were crowded in a 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 592 ---
room.   Also, if someone gets infected, the press will jump on us.   David will bring this back to 
Biden and Klain.
Had regular every 2 weeks call with Bill Gates – Bill and Trevor Mundel know about the issue 
with the mutations that David Ho is working on.   We discussed working together to track them 
as well as using Gates money to jump-start the development of mRNA vaccines to match the 
mutations (B.1.1.7 variant) with the N501Y mutation.   We need to be ready to respond
Front Page Story of Italian Magazine “I Love Sicilia”
SKM_C754e2101131
7230.pdf
Some Black Muslims accusing me of trying to experiment on Blacks.   He mistakenly 
(deliberately) is ignoring that I, Pence, Biden, Harris have all gotten vaccinated.   He is saying 
that Blacks would be the herd immunity that would protect whites:
Beyond Tuskegee: Targeting of Black people 
for Covid-19 vaccine
By
Anisah Muhammad, Contributing Writer
On January 10, Student Min. Muhammad, a researcher, scholar and author, delivered the Nation of 
Islam’s Sunday address at Mosque Maryam, titled, “Beyond Tuskegee: Why Black People Must Not Take 
the Experimental Covid-19 Vaccine.” 
“Why beyond Tuskegee? The vaccine mafia who want Black people to be the first injected with this 
experimental vaccine have centered the Tuskegee experiment in their narrative, most prominently Dr. 
Fauci.
Let’s say we get 75 percent, 80 percent of the population vaccinated,” Dr. Fauci said on Dec. 9. “If we do 
that, if we do it efficiently enough over the second quarter of 2021, by the time we get to the end of the 
summer, i.e., the third quarter, we may actually have enough herd immunity protecting our society that 
as we get to the end of 2021, we can approach very much some degree of normality that is close to 
where we were before.”
As of July 1, 2019, the U.S. Census Bureau reports that 76.3 percent of Americans are White.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 593 ---
Bob Woodward came to my house tonight to deliver the transcripts of the tapes of his 
interviews of me for his book “Rage”.  He said that it would help me with the writing of my 
book, He really wanted to come over and tape an interview with me about my current dealing 
with Biden.   I explained the interactions with Biden (see above).   Nothing controversial; 
however, it was clear why he wanted to come over.  He is writing yet again another book.   We 
met outside in the cold due to COVID-19
I wrote a belated birthday note to Joan Baez (her birthday was Jan.9, 1941).   I had forgotten due 
to recent events at the Capitol, and so I wrote her a note apologizing.   She wrote back: “Of 
course I accept!.   There was a postcard circulating in Frace under a liberal administration in the 
eighties, “nous sommes tous dans la merde”.   We are all in the shit.   I don’t speak French 
anymore, but the post card stands out.  Yes, we are the same age!  You are a rock star and I am a 
badass, and age is very much beside the point.   Thinking of you.  Joan”
PRESS:   WPIX TV New York City with Dan Mannarino;  Children’s Hour Public Radio; 
WMBD radio and WYZZ TV (Central Illinois);  The Children’s Hour Public Radio; 
January 14, 2021 – Global –  90,800,000/2,000,000;  USA - 23,000,000/383,400   
Note from David Ho.   Mutants are becoming very troublesome:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 594 ---
Here is an overview first.  Will share detailed organized data in a couple of days.  I am available to chat 
at a mutually convenient time.  Patrick Vallance from the UK is reaching out to me to get preliminary 
results as well.
We have constructed SARS-CoV-2 pseudoviruses that contain all 8 mutations in the 
UK variant and all 9 mutations in the SA variant.  In addition, we have also 
constructed pseudoviruses that contain each of the 16 mutations (501Y mutation is 
shared) individually.  This entire panel has been tested on a collection of ~30 spike-
specific neutralizing monoclonal antibodies, 20 convalescent plasma, and 18 
vaccinee sera (Moderna and Pfizer).  First, both UKdelta8 and SAdelta9 showed 
increased replication capacity in vitro, which is consistent with their increased 
transmissibility in vivo.  Overall, the impact on virus neutralization is profound, with 
the SA variant being worse than the UK variant.  It is quite clear that these two 
variants could now resist several classes of neutralizing monoclonal antibodies 
already used in the clinic or still in development, and in most cases we understand 
which of the mutations are conferring the resistance.  This information is particularly 
relevant to companies like Lilly and Regeneron, which have approved clinical 
products that are severely affected by these results.  In addition, a large majority of 
convalescent plasma samples showed an appreciable loss in activity against the new 
variants, suggesting re-infection may be more likely when confronted with either of 
these two strains.  Finally, we also observed a significant impact on vaccinee sera in 
that every serum sample tested showed a substantial loss in neutralizing activity 
against the SA variant, whereas the loss in activity against the UK virus is not as large 
or as universal.  Again, we believe the latter findings should be shared promptly with 
the field, because these new strains threaten the effectiveness of the current 
vaccines.  Importantly, the strategy that the UK is now contemplating (giving one 
dose and delaying the second dose) is quite dangerous in that one or two additional 
critical mutations on top of either strain (under suboptimal antibody concentrations 
induced by one shot without a booster) could render current monoclonal antibodies 
and vaccines useless.  Our data are germane to that debate.  Our data are more or 
less complete, except for live virus neutralization results.  We are still waiting for the 
UK and SA to be distributed by the US government to our lab.  We expect to have the 
live viruses soon, and could generate the confirmatory results in about 7-10 days 
after receiving the viruses.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 595 ---
• Received the Ken Shine Prize in Health Leadership from the University of Texas at 
Austin Dell Medical School
• Briefed the Congresssional Blue Dog (moderate Dems) and Moderate GOP members led 
by Rep. Stephanie Murphy (D-FL) and Rep John Katko (R-NY)
• Met with Rep. Espaillat  (D-NY) who want me to meet with a contingent from the 
Dominican Republic.   I will do so, but after the inauguration
• Got call from Beth Cameron (NSC)  informing me that Biden want me to be the Head 
of WHO delegation and to announce on January 21 (4:10 AM ET) that the USA is back 
in the WHO.
• Biden give big speech (7:15 PM) announcing $1.9 trillion budget package including 
$415 Billion for COVID response
 
PRESS:  KSEE24 TV (NBC Affiliate in Fresno, CA)
January 15, 2021 – Global – 91,500,000/2,000,000; USA – 23,200,000/387,300
Had Zoom briefing of Biden and Harris to prep them for the speech that Biden will give at 
3:45 PM on the vaccine rollout plan.   We briefed him at 2:30 to 3:30 and he and Harris (only he 
spoke) gave briefing to the Nation.
Biden announced today that he has asked Francis Collins to stay on. I had some influence on 
this.   Eric Lander will be head of OSTP.
Considerable concern about the new mutants in UK, Brazil and especially South Africa –   
David Ho is studying this carefully and finds that the UK variant results in a 2-fold decrease in 
ability of vaccine-induced antibodies to neutralize.   For the South African variant it is 4 to 5-fold 
decrease.  Had Zoom with David and John Mascola and others and David went over the Mutant 
data.   Bottom line is that against the UK mutant the vaccine (Moderna)-induced sera is 
weakened by 2-fold; however, against the RSA (and by extrapolation although did not look the 
Brazilian) mutant the sera are diminished by 5-fold)   MAJOR IMPLICATIONs for vaccine 
development and for policy such as letting people into the country
PRESS: Ebro in the Morning Radio Show in NYC; Today Show NBC TV with Craig 
Melvin; CTV - Canadian TV – Sunday Show (Ian Wood); WUSA TV Jan Jeffcoat; 
January 16, 2021 – Global – 92,300,000/2,000,000; USA – 23,400,000/391,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 596 ---
Jeff Zients gave me the entire Biden plan to look at and approve - I mentioned to him in 
detail the recent data from David Ho.   We will set up a call for Sunday with the Biden team 
(doctors) since now several teams such as Michel Nussenzweig, Jess Bloom and others are 
finding the same thing as Ho.   I want the call on Sunday since Michel is publishing his data in 
BioRx on Monday.   I will bring John Mascola on the call with me to describe with some slides.
Also, I have pushed with JZ to get Ned Sharpless re-appointed as NCI Director otherwise 
his resignation letter will go into effect on January 20. I asked JZ to get in touch with Ron Klain 
and re-appoint hi.   JZ called me back this evening and said he spoke to Ron and Ned will stay as 
NCI Director.
Post-holiday surge seems to be stabilizing.   See Deb’s comment below:
1. For the first time in weeks all indicators except fatalities are flat or declining.  This 
suggests with full data triangulation that we have reached in most of the country the post 
Holiday peak and declines should continue to follow with continued mitigation.  Testing 
rates have resumed to pre Holiday levels as for the first time week over week cases have 
declined (SLIDE 4) from last week's high – but testing for asymptomatic cases must 
increase to sustain the gains.  Finding the containing the silent spread will be key to 
holding the current gains
2. CA is stabilizing at a high plateau and if AZ, FL, TX, NY can hold at their current plateau or 
early declines we could see National improvement beginning next week and 
improvement in fatality rates in 30 days but not without reaching 450K in 4 weeks and 
500K fatalities over the next 8 weeks based on current case load and rate of rises
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 597 ---
3. Most of the rapidly rising metros appear to be reaching peak or at a high plateau and 
some like Chicago and NYC are beginning to decline.  The key will be continued aggressive 
mitigation
4. New COVID hospital admissions are stable at a high plateau nationally but if the larger 
states and metros can hold or improve the rates should steadily decline if we can keep 
everyone focused on vigilance as we vaccinate PLEASE SEE SLIDE 3 SHOWING ICU BED 
OCCUPACY – SHOWING CLEARLY THE PRIMARY CURRENT STATES WITH THE WINTER 
SURGE
PRESS:
January 17, 2021 – Global – 92,300,000/2,000,000;   USA – 23,700,000/395,000
We may have reached the peak of the surge upon a surge
1. For the first time in weeks all indicators except fatalities are 
flat or declining.  This suggests with full data triangulation that 
we have reached the post Holiday peak in most of the country 
and declines should continue with continued mitigation. These 
gains can be sustained and can accelerate if behavior change 
holds
2. Test positivity is declining. Testing rates have resumed to 
pre Holiday levels as for the first time week over week cases 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 598 ---
have declined from last week's high – but testing for 
asymptomatic cases must increase to sustain the gains.  
Finding the containing the silent spread will be key to holding 
the current gains.
3. Cases are declining or stable across the country (down 8.8%)
• John Mascola and I presented to JZ and the Biden medical team the results from David 
Ho’s work on the UK and RSA mutants.   (see above).   We explained that this requires 
careful messaging since people would interpret incorrectly that this nullifies the vaccine 
which it does not.   JZ has tasked me to write a 2-paragraph description to send to 
Biden tonight.  I did so and now we have a meeting tomorrow AM to discuss possibility 
of travel restrictions from RSA and Brazil.
PRESS:   Meet the Press (NBC) with Chuck Todd; Che Tempo Che Fa Italian Sunday TV 
Show; MSNBC Lawrence O’Donnell
January 18, 2021 – Global – 94,000,000/2,000,000; USA – 23,800,000/397,000
Zoom meeting at 7:30 AM with JZ and the team + Jake Sullivan – discussed the restrictions 
on travel to RSA, Brazil and perhaps other countries.   Leaning towards requiring PCR 72 hrs 
before board to USA followed by Ag test upon boarding followed by Ag test within 3 days of 
landing + quarantine.   Will present to Ron Klain and POTUS after inauguration.
Deb Birx’s next to last TF note:
This is the last metro case analysis. We are seeing mostly significant improvements or major metros 
holding at a high plateau.  I am worried about the 12 metros that are still increasing and one of them is 
DC.  I walked some of the areas downtown on Sat while I was moving out of my State Dept office and 
there are major feeding tents set up around downtown for the workers and National Guard – these can 
be super spreading locations and the National Guard is from around the country including hotspots. 
National Guard troops must be tested and must be tested when returning but I worry we are creating a 
massive viral spreading event as troops deploy to DC and then return home and the co-mixing of local 
metro police with National Guard.  That said by all indicators we are stabilizing as a country and 
improvements should continue.  New hospital admissions are down across the country and is super 
spreading events can be managed we should continue to see improvements as more states will be able 
to utilize health personnel to support massive vaccination. On the personal level getting the elderly – 
the highest risk group over 75 - immunized is incredibly difficult.  We have the entire family working to 
secure sites for my parents but you need to be tech savvy and able to constantly refresh sites and search 
multiple county and state websites. Then you have to be able to transport and move them to the 
vaccine sites.  We think we may have secured a PG county option for this week but if elderly do not have 
tech support or outreach and transportation support this will be incredibly difficult for them.  Deb
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 599 ---
1. For the first time in weeks all indicators except fatalities are improving and are 
either flat at a high plateau or declining over 7 days.  This suggests with full data 
triangulation that we have reached the post-Holiday peak in most of the country and 
declines should continue with continued mitigation. These gains can be sustained 
and can accelerate if behavior change holds and testing increases to find the 
asymptomatic cases to prevent community spread
Had farewell conversation with Vice President Pence.   I called up Marc Short to ask him to 
have the VP call me today since I was not sure that I would be able to attend (virtually) the last 
TF meeting this Tuesday.   The VP called and we had a very touching and person discussion 
saying how much he respected me and how the TF would not have been able to accomplish what 
it did without me.  He was very touched.   I told him how important it was for his legacy that he 
acted with such dignity and resolve over the last days when he refused to go along with Trump’s 
attempt to get him to overthrow the election results.  WE parted by saying we will always be 
there for each other.
Received material from Beth Cameron for my announcement on early AM of Jan. 21 that we 
will re-join the WHO.  I will edit it and get it re-approved.   Very nice that I have been chosen to 
be head of delegation to the WHA in Geneva (virtually) to make this announcement.
Summary of some events over past few days/weeks:   Jeff Zients calls me multiple times per 
day checking facts, etc.   I brought up to him that it would be a good idea for continuity that he 
keep on Francis as NIH director since if he does not act to tear up the required letter of 
resignation, Francis automatically is gone and we have an acting (which would not be bad since 
Larry Tabak is great).   Ned Sharpless is in the same boat as presidential appointee at NCI.   And 
so I mentioned to Jeff that we should keep Ned on and he made it happen.   And so, in fact I am 
responsible for keeping the NIH and NCI Directors in their jobs.   A surprise is that Harold 
Varmus called me up and expressed great concern that Francis was staying on.   He said many 
substantial members of scientific community (Bruce Alberts, Shirley Tilghman, etc) are quite 
concerned and feel that it is time for a change.  I explained to Harold that this was probably 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 600 ---
temporary and related to need for continuity related to COVID-19 efforts.   He is trying to get 
momentum to have this reversed.   Harold has always felt that change is important 
PRESS: TNT “The Arena” with Cari Champion;
January 19, 2021 – 
Received booster dose of Moderna vaccine today together with Francis Collins and Alex Azar.  
Said goodbyes to Alex and Brian Harrison (his COS).   Alex described how terrible it was 
dealing with the White House people.   He specifically mentioned Marc Short.   He feels that 
Marc, Joe Grogan, and Deb. Birx undermined HHS.
Deb Last e-mail:
1. The country is in a better place than we have been since before 
Thanksgiving. All indicators except fatalities are improving and 
are either flat at a high plateau or declining over 8 days.  
Monday represents weekend reporting but last night was the 
lowest case number since the beginning of Nov. Full data 
triangulation that we have reached the post Holiday peak in 
most of the country and declines should continue with 
continued mitigation. These gains can be sustained and can 
accelerate if behavior change holds and testing increases to 
find the asymptomatic cases to prevent community spread – 
we must find those asymptomatic cases to ensure new 
aggressive variants rapidly spread undetected
Last coronavirus Task Force meeting.  VP asked Ben Carson to start with a prayer.  VP 
Pence saying goodbye and how proud he is of what the group has accomplished.  He read a letter 
that he is sending to all of us thanking us.   He also has chronicled the “accomplishments” of the 
TF and the government’s efforts.  He will send such a letter and the list of accomplishments to 
Biden.   He thanked all of us sincerely and expressed multiple times how much of a privilege it 
was to work for us.  He asked that we help the incoming Biden people in the transition (a little 
late!!!)   Alex Azar warned that their work would be denigrated by the incoming group and their 
press people, but that is “natural”.  Alex delineated everything that he felt we did right.   He 
spoke of our accomplishments in testing, PPE, etc.   One would argue about that.  Deb Birx 
spoke about how great it was in working with everyone.   She spoke of trust and belief in your 
colleagues.  Wow, this is interesting given how often she threw CDC under the bus and how she 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 601 ---
and Marc Short were in disagreement on everything, and how she hated Brett Giroir and 
badmouthed him all the time saying that he always promised more than he could deliver.  Brett 
Giroir praised the VP and said that the VP brought out the best in everyone.  VP Pence asked 
me to say words.   I praised him and also praised the VP’s staff.   I did not mention Marc Short 
and Katie Miller, but they knew I was referring to them.  Bob Redfield praised the VP as well as 
Deb Birx.  Pete Gaynor explained what a honor it was to work for the VP.  VP then thanked a 
number of people including Jerome Adams, VP staff, Marc Short, Katie Miller and others, 
Ben Carson, Keith Kellog.   VP signed off to a resounding round of applause!
PRESS:  The PBS Masters people have started filming in earnest for their documentary; 
interviewed by Adi Ignatius and others for the Harvard Business Review;
NYT: As Fauci receives his second dose, he urges Americans to get vaccinated; CNN with 
Jake Tapper;
January 20, 2021 -   Global – 94,000,000/2,000,000; USA – 24,000,000/400,300  
 Inauguration Day!  Trump refusing to attend inauguration and left with a flare that was very 
sparsely attended.   Biden was at Mass as Trump flew off to Mar-a-Largo.   Trump’s speech was 
surrealistic talking about all the great accomplishments of his Presidency.   He also strongly 
hinted that he will be back with a “movement”.   He is a very dangerous man!!
I am preparing for my early AM speech to WHO Executive Board tomorrow.  Beth Cameron has 
given me much leeway on the Speech (which her staff put together).  
Mutants of SARS-CoV-2 getting much play in the scientific “preprint” arena.   Final papers will 
soon come out.   We will put restrictions (requirement for pre - and post - flight testing + 
quarantine) from RSA.  Will brief POTUS Biden tomorrow.
Am still quite achy from vaccine booster shot from yesterday.
Here are my remarks for WHO tomorrow early (4:00 AM) morning:
Remarks of Dr. 
Anthony S. Fauci at          
Got a call from Jared Kushner from Air Force 1 on his way to Mar-a-Largo thanking me for 
what we did with COVID-19
Spectacular Inauguration speech by Biden!  Poem by Amanda Gorman was amazing (she is 
22 years old).   Lady Gaga sang the national anthem; J-Lo sang, as did Garth Brooks.   Biden hit 
the right tone.   The speech was in my mind comparable to those of Lincoln, Kennedy, FDR
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 602 ---
Quotes from speech:  “Let us not lead by example of power, but by the power of example”;  “We 
must end this uncivil war”
PRESS:
CNBC - Dr. Fauci to lead U.S. delegation at WHO 
meetings as Biden plans to reverse Trump 
withdrawal 
Published Wed, Jan 20 20218:41 AM EST
Noah Higgins-Dunn@higginsdunn
January 21, 2021 – Global – 95,000,000/2,000,000;   USA – 24,300,000/405,000
Made speech at Executive Board of WHO (4:00 AM ET) to announce that USA is rejoining 
WHO.   Also, we are rescinding Mexico City Policy.  I spoke as representing newly 
inaugurated President Biden
Remarks of Dr. 
Anthony S. Fauci at          
Tedros response:
WHO Director-General's remarks at the 148th 
session of the Executive Board
21 January 2021 
Thank you, my brother Tony, and welcome to the WHO Executive Board as head of delegation for the 
United States of America. 
Thank you, my friend, for your personal support for WHO over many years, and especially in the past 
year.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 603 ---
We have benefited immensely from your participation as a member of our regular global health leaders 
calls, since the start of the pandemic.
And thank you for your incredible leadership against the pandemic in the United States.
This is a good day for WHO, and a good day for global health.
I send my deep thanks and warm congratulations to President Biden and Vice President Harris, and to 
the American people.
Terrific day!   Briefed Biden and Harris in the State Dining Room of the White House.  
Together with JZ, Natalie Quillian, Rochelle Walensky, Marcella Nunez-Smith.  Really relaxed 
and warm interchange with both Biden and Harris.  Then, I went with Jen Psaki and did a press 
briefing in the White House press room (first time in a long time).   They really want me out 
there and there is no pushback at all for my appearances.   CNN went into major panel 
discussions about the fact that Biden chose me as the first scientific press briefing.
PRESS:   Did full press briefing in the White House press room.
Washington Post article by Philip Bump:
Fauci, unchained
The government’s leading infectious-disease expert exults in 
being able to speak frankly
Fauci says it's 'liberating' to 'let the science speak'
Good Morning America (ABC) with Michael Strahan; CBS Sunday with Ted Koppel; 
CNN with Chris Cuomo;
January 22, 2021 – Global – 96,000,000/2,000,000; USA – 24,500,000/409,000
Some confusion about whether 100 million doses in 100 days or 100 millionb people in 100 
days.   Finally straightened it out and it is “doses” not “people”.   Press are starting in aready in 
first criticizing that the goal is too lofty and now they are saying that the bar is tyoo low since we 
are already getting 800K per day.   You just cannot win.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 604 ---
PRESS:  CNN New Day with John Berman;  Black News Channel with former Mayor 
Sharon Pratt; WTOP Radio with Mike Murillo; University of Montana Student newspaper 
(Jacob Owens); NPR – “All Things Considered” – Mary Louise Kelly; NBC LX TV with 
Tabitha Lipkin and Ashley Holt;  Conference of Mayors Panel – with Vivek Murthy – 
picked up by networks, cable, and C-SPAN; MSNBC – Rachel Maddow;
January 23, 2020 – Global – 97,000,000/2,000,000; USA – 24,700,000/413,000
PRESS:  Vaccine Town Hall with Ebro Darden & Kizzy Corbett; MSNBC with Alex Witt; 
Interview with Donald McNeil for the New York Times on my experience with the Trump 
administration; MSNBC “Politics Nation” with Rev. Al Sharpton;
Stat:
The 10 Biden officials to watch 
on the Covid-19 response
By R A C H E L  C O H R S  @rachelcohrs
J A N U A R Y  2 1 ,  2 0 2 1
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 605 ---
January 24, 2021(Sunday) – Global – 97,500,000/2,100,000; USA – 25,000,000/416,000
Deb Birx had a 45 minute taped interview with Margaret Brennan right after me.   It was moving 
in some respects, but a fair bit of revisionist history. 
PRESS: CBS “Face the Nation” with Margaret Brennan; CBS Sunday with ted Koppel; 
Donald McNeil interview in the NY Times: NYT: Fauci on What Working for Trump Was 
Really Like
January 25, 2021 – Global – 99,000,000/2,100,000; USA – 25,000,000/418,000
• Did really good WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM Panel chaired by John Mickethwait 
(Bloomberg) with panelists: Prime Minister of Greece Kyriakos Mitsotakis; Nancy 
Brown (CEO of American Heart Association) and Frans van Houten (CEO of Royal 
Philips)
• The vaccine is now being referred to as the “Fauci Ouchie”
• Many interviews today focusing in part on the fact that Deb (on Face the Nation) and I 
(in the interview with Donald McNeill) opened up about the difficulties in dealing with 
Trump Administration.
A lot of discussion about the RSA and UK variants and the potential effect on mAbs and 
importantly vaccines.  Thus far, even though the mutants diminish somewhat the efficacy 
of the vaccines, the antibody response of the vaccine is still within the cushion of 
efficacy.   Recent data indicate that the UK strain is also increased in virulence as well as 
transmissibility.
On an interview with Erin Burnett (CNN) I went
PRESS: Good Morning America (ABC) with George Stephanopoulos; Today Show with 
Savannah Guthrie; CBS This Morning with Tony Mason;  Latino USA Radio with Maria 
Hinojosa (NYC); Fireside chat with Leroy Hood on receiving the 2021 Precision Medicine 
World Conference Luminary Award; WBUR Boston NPR Radio; WGN Radio Chicago – 
Bob Sirott Show;  ABC TV News Live Lindsey Davis;  Spectrum News TV with Alex 
Cohen; CNN with Erin Burnett;
January 26, 2020 - Global – 99,000,000/2,100,000; USA – 25,200,000/420,000
VP Harris visited NIH for her booster shot with Husband Greg Emhoff.   She and I did a PSA 
together.
Had moving conversation with Moncef Slaoui who felt that the Biden people were discrediting 
and bad-mouthing OWS that Moncef led.   In fact, Moncef did a fabulous job in getting 2 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 606 ---
vaccines (Moderna and Pfizer) approved (EUA) that are highly efficacious with other candidates 
(Janssen, AZ, Novavax) not far behind.   He feels badly for the OWS team and for himself.   I 
told him that he has done a fabulous and historic job in what he accomplished.   I told him that to 
me and many others, he is a hero.  He was very touched by the conversation.
• Got on my usual Tuesday evening Zoom call with health officials throughout the country 
(Hosted by David Barr) and asked question of what the problem was with doses of 
vaccine.   Was it that we had doses but could not logistically get them into the arms of 
people OR was it that the demand far outstripped the supply.   Overwhelmingly they said 
that there was not enough supply.   Group was:  Sharon Balter (LA), Jeff Duchin 
(Seattle), Jennifer Avegno (NOLA), Allison Arwady (Chicago), La Quandra Nesbitt 
(DC), Marci Layton (NYC)
• Spoke with basketball mega-star Karl-Anthony Town.   Terrific young man. He has 
COVID-19.   His mother died of COVID-19.   He is Columbian and was brought to my 
attention by Congressman Espaillat from NYC who is Columbian.
PRESS: FOX America’s Newsroom with Dana Perino and Bill Hemmer;  NBC TV Special 
with Richard Engel; 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 607 ---
January 27, 2020  - Global    USA
Really good relations developing with the WH Comms team led by Jen Psaki and particularly 
Courtney Rowe.   Dramatic difference from Trump WH Comms
Did “Fireside Chat” with NEJM – Eric Rubin and Lindsey Baden
• 315 cases of the B.1.1.7 lineage (UK) in 28 states; RSA lineage B.1.351 is worrisome as 
it is evading mAbs and diminishing neutralizing caoacity of Abs from vaccines.
Very important historical review in USA Today about the development of the Moderna 
vaccine:
USA Today: Luck, foresight and science: How an unheralded team developed a COVID-19 
vaccine in record time  https://bit.ly/36i7ffM 
PRESS: White House Press Conference with Walensky, Fauci, Slavitt, and Zients; The Hill 
TV with Steve Clemons; Fox America Reports TV with John Roberts and Sandra Smith; 
PBS South Florida Town Hall; CNN  Town Hall with Sanjay Gupta and Anderson Cooper 
– on with Rochelle Walensky;
Daily Beast:
Dr. Fauci Shoots Down Fox News Host Bill 
Hemmer’s Trump Questions
‘READY TO MOVE ON’
“It just seems like there’s this aggressiveness toward the Trump administration,” Fox News anchor Bill 
Hemmer pressed. Dr. Anthony Fauci wasn’t having it.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 608 ---
Article in The Atlantic by Peter Nicholas – will clearly cause a stir:
How Anthony Fauci Got Through the ‘Bullshit’
The new White House chief medical adviser reflects on the last year working for the Trump 
administration.
Peter Nicholas
FOX News:  Fox News pundit Steve Hilton pushed a 
ridiculous conspiracy theory that Dr. Fauci is 
behind the coronavirus
January 28, 2020 – Global – 100,200,000/2,200,000;  USA – 25,500,000/428,000
Tedros called me up and aske me to help him connect with the Biden people, i.e. Sec Becerra, 
Jeff Zients, the VP, etc.   Stewart Simonson willing to help me since I am ultra busy.
Had confidential conversation with the Janssen people – Paul Stoffels et al about the Ad26 
vaccine data.   Not that great.  77% VE in USA and ~50% in RSA.   Will get more details later.   
Data better against severe disease but this will be a messaging problem.
Novavax and Janssen came out with their embargoed (until tomorrow) results of their trials: 
Novavax phase 3 in UK – 90% VE; Phase 2b in RSA – 50% VE.
Janssen phase 3 in USA/RSA/Brazil -  72% VE at 28 days (a 1 dose vaccine); 85% VE against 
severe disease; 57% VE in mod/severe disease in RSA at 28 days and 88% VE with severe 
disease in RSA
Much press activity and emphasis on the fact that antigenic variation has clinical consequences.   
Also, with both vaccines, good news for the global supply
PRESS: Good Morning America (ABC) with George Stephanopoulos; NPR Morning 
Edition with Sarah McCammon;
January 29, 2020 – Global    USA
• Fireside Chat with NYC Health Commissioner David Chokshi
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 609 ---
Met with Jeff Zients and Team to discuss what to do with 2nd dose of vaccine, i.e. hold it 
back completely, hold it back 90%??
PRESS:  Did press conference at NIH for the release of the Janssen data; Did White House 
press conference for COVID-19 in general;  PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff; NBC 
Nightly News with Lester Holt; WUSA TV with Gabe Cohen; New York Press Club 
Fireside Chat with Steve Scott; Filming with Sanjay Gupta for CNN Documentary;
January 30, 2021 – Global – 101,400,000/2,200,000; USA – 25,900,000/435,2000
Daily cases continue to come down, but growing concern about the arrival of mutants: B.1.1.7 
(UK) in 30 states and 434 people infected; B1.351 (South Africa) with 2 cases in South Carolina; 
P.1 (Brazil with 1 case in Minnesota
RSA strain identified today in person in Maryland
Went on a filmed walk with Sanjay Gupta and Chris on the C & O Canal as part of the 
Documentary that he is doing (See yesterday).
Had zoom call with Rob Manfred (Commissioner of MLB) and Dan Halem (Deputy 
Commissioner).   They want to delay opening Spring training from February 17 to March17 and 
have a comparable delay in opening day.   They want to do this since they feel (rightly so) that 
the decreases in cases will be even more pronounced with an additional month and they will be 
able to get more of the umpires and players vaccinated with the delay.   Of note, Tom Frieden 
spoke with the MLB Players Association and the players want to start earlier since it affects their 
salaries.   Now the Players want to speak with me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 610 ---
January 31, 2021 (Sunday) – Global – 102,100,000/2,200,000;   USA – 25,900,000/438,000
Zoom calls today discussing: a) vaccinations for the Federal workforce b) Vivek just wanting to 
discuss masks, variants, schools, etc. – touching base.
February 1, 2021 – Global – 102,600,000/2,200,000;  USA -26,000,000/440,000
Had usual MWF Press conference by Zoom
Had discussion with the team (+John Mascola) about how best to utilize the J & J product 
(Ad26).   There will be a messaging issue about 72% versus 94-95%.   We cannot designate it for 
any specific group for that reason and so we decided to just out it in the mix with the other 
vaccines and have people make their choice based mostly on 1 dose vs 2 doses.
Got call tonight from Mayor Bill Di Blasio very concerned that the supply of vaccine for NYC is 
no where near meeting demand.   He is begging me to check with WH and see  if anything can 
be done – DPA or some other mechanism.  I will speak with David Kessler about this.
PRESS:  White House Press conference with Nunez-Smith, Walensky and Slavitt; mGreta 
van  Sustern – VOA; KMEX 34 TV – Los Angeles – Hispanic; CNN Situation Room with 
Wolf Blitzer
February 2, 2021 – Global – 103,000/2,200,000; USA -26,200,000/442,000
Daily cases going down but deaths still lagging at around 3000 per day
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 611 ---
Mutants continue to evolve with the 484K mutation characteristics of the B.1.351 lineage in RSA 
now being seen in the UK with the B.1.1.7 lineage.   Goes along with what I have been saying 
that viruses will mutate if you give them free rein to replicate.   Viruses that do not replicate will 
not mutate.
Bill DiBlasio called me back and I explained to him that I had spoken to David Kessler about the 
Supply-demand issue with the vaccines and that there really was no solution.  It is too late to 
invoke the DPA to have other factories make mRNA vaccine.   By the time they gear up, there 
will be enough vaccine from multiple companies to vaccinate the entire country.
Met with POTUS and VP in the Oval office with Jeff Zients, Natalie Quillian, Andy Slavitt 
and Walensky and Nunez-Smith on video screen.   Discussed the status of the outbreak 
(Walensky) and vaccines, particularly recent data on J & J and implications for variants (Fauci)
PRESS:  Washington Post Live – Online interview with David Ignatius; Australia  “60 
Minutes” TV; MSNBC “All In” with Chris Hayes; CNN with Don Lemon
Washington Post – 02/02/2021: Poor handling of virus cost Trump his reelection, campaign 
autopsy finds  “Voters in the states overwhelmingly supported a mask mandate — 75 percent — and 
Anthony S. Fauci, the country’s top infectious-disease specialist, secured an approval rating almost as 
high. Trump did not support a mask mandate — sometimes mocking the wearing of masks — and 
regularly criticized Fauci, threatening to fire him at times.
Advisers repeatedly encouraged Trump to wear a mask, stop attacking Fauci and signal to the public that 
he was taking the coronavirus more seriously”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 612 ---
How Anthony Fauci beat Donald Trump in 
2020
February 3, 2021 - Global   USA
Biden Comms team putting me out there with the press continually.  They are giving me totally 
open clearance for everything that I get asked to do.   Completely different from the ridiculous 
restrictions of the Trump Comms team
• Daily cases continuing to come own.   Much emphasis on the impact of the variants. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 613 ---
PRESS: ABC Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos; NBVC Today Show 
with Savannah Guthrie;
February 4, 2021 – Global – 104,000,000/2,3200,000; USA – 26,400,000/449,000
Discussions last night and prior evenings regarding the use of the excess J & J vaccine of clinical 
trial grade.   Move to donate this to RSA to vaccinate their HCWs.   RSA has been pleading with 
the USA to help them get vaccines since they are being ravaged by the B.1.351 variant.  Phone 
call last night with David Kessler, Beth Cameron/Hilary Marston (NSC), me and Cliff Lane to 
figure out a mechanism to get this to them since it is only clinical trial grade. And we want to 
avoid the optics that we are either a) giving away vaccine meant for USA to RSA or b) we are 
“experimenting” on black Africans.
• Gave one of several plenary addresses at a Brookings -Tsinghua University Roundtable 
of US-China Collaboration on COVID-19. Chinese Speakers included Zhong Nanshan, 
Wang Chen, Gao Fu
Had nice conversation with the MLB Players Association with Tony Clark (Exec Director), 
Bruce Meyer (Senior Director, Collective Bargaining and Legal), Ian Penny (General Counsel), 
Kevin Slowey (Director Player Services), Matthew Nessbaum (Deputy General Counsel), Robert 
Lenaghan (Assistant General Counsel) and Max Scherzer (member, Exec. Comm.).   They asked 
great questions about vaccines.   I emphasized that I did not want to get in the middle of a 
dispute between MLB and players regarding when to start the season.   They understood 
perfectly.   I had some nice back and forth with Max Scherzer.
PRESS: BBC Radio with Tim Harford; NBC TV Boston – LaToya Edwards; MSNBC with 
Ari Melber; NBC TV “off the record” discussion with the entire NBC TV team; CNN with 
Chris Cuomo.
February 5, 2021 – Global   USA - 
Had terrific conversation today with Bob Cousy.   Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) had called me a 
couple of weeks ago saying that Bob Cousy would love to connect with me by phone,   Joe is a 
good friend of Cousy’s.   I called Bob’s cell phone and we spent 20 minutes chatting about all 
kinds of things.   He has a great sense of humor.   He is disturbed by the devisiveness in our 
society (similar to my concern).  He spoke about his being 92 years old and that he body in 
“falling apart” despite the fact that he has “all my smarts”.   He is a rally charming guy.   We 
developed a great rapport on the phone.   Note that he came to my lecture at Holy Cross a few 
years ago and we had dinner together.
PRESS: Had usual White House Virtual Press Conference with Andy Slavitt, Rochelle, me 
and Tim ….; FOX TV with Neil Cavuto;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 614 ---
February 6, 2021- Global -105,000,000/2,300,000;  USA – 26,700,000/458,000
Had Zoom call with David Kessler and the BARDA people trying to decide whether to invest 
considerable money in guaranteed purchase of the Lilly mAb combination that will soon go for 
an EUA.   Their data look fairly good for treatment of early disease to prevent hospitalization 
and PEP
• Got call from Mike Osterholm trying to convince me to go with his 
concern/recommendation that we go with1st doses to as many people as possible given 
the fact that B.1.1.7 (UK) may become dominant in the USA and increase 
cases/hospitalization.   This is a difficult problem sine we only have data for prime/boost 
with mRNA vaccines.
February 7, 2021 (Sunday) – Global – 105,400,000/2,300,000;  USA – 26,800,000/461,000
Superbowl Sunday!   Tom Brady beast Patrick Mahomes
PRESS:  Meet the Press (NBC) with Chuck Todd; 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 615 ---
February 8, 2021 – Global – 106,000,000/2,300,000;  USA – 27,000,000/462,000
Important point is that the vaccines are protecting against severe disease (hospitalization and 
death):
First day since Nov. 2 that daily cases were less than 100,000:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 616 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 617 ---
Kat McKinnon played me again on Saturday Night Live: https://bit.ly/36SyePm 
Did fireside chat with Prince Georges County -  County Executive Angela Alsobrooks and Drs. 
Carter and Wright to discuss vaccine in the African-American community
PRESS: AP Interview with Mike Stobbe; FOX TV News “Special Report” with Bret Baier
February 9, 2021 – Global – 106,100,000/2,300,000; USA – 27,000,000/464,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 618 ---
Eric Lander (OSTP) visited the VRC today and I we briefed him on our activities, particularly 
the development of the mRNA vaccine and Barney’s development of the stabilized pre-fusion 
Spike protein.
Of note, Martin Fletcher of the Daily Telegraph did a profile of me and told me that the London 
Times had asked him to gather information for them for an obituary that the Times wanted to put 
“in the can” just in case I passed away suddenly.   They wanted to be the first to have an obituary
PRESS:   Fireside Chat with the COVID Collaborative – Gov. Dirk Kempthorne, Gov. 
Deval Patrick, and Gary Edson; Interview with Martin Fletcher of the Daily Telegraph for 
a profile of me; 
February 10, 2021 – Global – 106,600,000/2,300,000; USA – 27,000,000/467,000
Cases continue to fall considerably.   We are now at less than 100,000 cases per day, when we 
were up to 400,000 at one time.
• Had zoom with Dr. Hans Kluge WHO Regional Director for Europe
• Did Fireside Chat with David Rubenstein as part of the Duke Global Health Institute 
Victor Dzau Lecture
• Pleasant thing – I had mentioned on a radio or TV show that what I missed most about 
NYC was the Nathan’s hot dogs.   Today sitting on my home from steps were two 
packages of Nathan’s hot dogs – a gift with a nice note from Tim Shriver saying that he 
“could not resist the hot dog invitation”. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 619 ---
Had a wonderful experience this evening.   I received (virtually) the Award of Courage from 
AmFAR.   It was presented to me virtually by Julia Roberts from her breakfast room in her 
home in Northern California.   She was so charming.   When my image came up on the screen 
she gasped and said that every time she sees me her throat gets dry and she gets nervous and 
excused herself to go into the kitchen and get a glass of water.   When she came back and 
introduced me it was the most wonderful introduction.  She introduced me to her son while we 
waited to check the filming and we chatted a bit.   She is so charming, natural, fun and amazingly 
beautiful.
PRESS: Did routine MWF White House Press conference.  I spoke about making sure that 
people with immune deficiencies or on immunosuppressive drugs get vaccinated since they 
are very vulnerable; Interview with Rima Krist of the Navajo Times
February 11, 2021 – Global – 107,000,000/2,300,000;   USA – 27,100,000/470,100
Number of daily cases continue to diminish.  CDC starting to do practical things that I have 
actually been pushing for some time.   For example:   Wearing 2 masks could be better than just 
one.   They did a dummy study and showed that a cloth mask over a surgical mask actually gives 
a more complete fit and keeps out aerosols.   Another example is that people who are vaccinated 
do not need to go into quarantine after exposure to a documented COVID-19 case.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 620 ---
POTUS Biden visit to NIH.  Biden visited the NIAID VRC today at 3:30 PM on a sleety and 
snowy day.   It was a great visit.  I presented to him the history of the VRC and the importance of 
the work that Barney Graham has done with the stabilized spike protein.   We brought Biden into 
the room where the experiments were done and Barney and Kizzy Corbet presented to him.   He 
was accompanied by Jeff Zients.   We then went to Natcher Auditorium where he addressed 
(virtually) the NIH community with a great speech in which he called out Francis and I multiple 
times.
PRESS:  Today Show (NBC) with Savannah Guthrie – discussed new mask 
recommendations from CDC and the B.1.1.7 variant; BBC Radio; “What a Day” podcast; 
CNN Sports TV with Charles Barkley and Ernie Johnson; Univision TV interview; Axios 
TV for HBO – update with Margaret Talev
Nice article in Vogue:
For Dr. Anthony Fauci and Dr. Christine Grady, 
Love Conquers All
By Michelle Ruiz
Power Players
CNBC:
Bill Gates and Dr. Fauci talk regularly — here’s 
what they’re discussing now
Published Thu, Feb 11 202112:25 PM ESTUpdated Thu, Feb 11 202112:26 PM EST
Cory Stieg@corystieg
February 12, 2021 – Global – 107,000,000/2,400,000; USA – 27,200,000/474,000
David Kessler and I had discussion with Sen. Burr and Murray about viral variants.   They 
wanted to be briefed on the threat and what we are doing about it.
Did a briefing of the Foreign Press with Andy Slavitt
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 621 ---
Briefed the Deputies and Cabinet Secretaries  led by Jeff Z.  
PRESS:  Good Morning America (ABC) with George Stephanopoulos; Univision TV with 
Jorge Ramos; ABC/FOX Montana TV; Podcast with Al Franken;
February 13, 2021 – Global – 107,800,000/2,400,000; USA – 27,300,000/479,200
• Trump acquitted by the spineless GOP Senators.   However, 7 GOP Senators did vote for 
conviction.   Sorry day for our country.   Trump still has them in his grip.
February 14, 2021 – Global – 108,200,000/2,400,000;  USA – 27,400,000/482,500
Cases continue to come down.   People like Mike Osterholm are saying that we will inevitably 
have yet again another surge due to B.1.1.7 that will become dominant.   I do not necessarily 
believe that this will be the case.   I believe that if we double down on public health measures 
and continue to push vaccinations, we do not necessarily have to experience a surge.   Having 
said that, WE MUST BE PREPARED FOR A SURGE.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 622 ---
PRESS:  ABC “The Week” with George Stephanopoulos
February 15, 2021 – Global – 108,600,000/2,400,000;  USA – 27,500,000/484.000
Down to 68,000 cases yesterday!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 623 ---
Did  Zoom call with Winnie Byanyima (Exec Dir. Of UNAIDS) together with Regan Hofmann.   
Winnie was very grateful for my leadership in COBID-19 and HIV/AIDS.   We discussed the 
importance of having a global effort (hopefully led by USA) to get the world vaccinated against 
COVID-19.   Winnie was excited about the fact that I mentioned the loosening of patents in a 
recent interview to allow wider availability of COVID-19 vaccines.    I promised that I will 
continue to push the “international and global” agenda.   I mentioned that we would need to get 
things under better control in the USA before we would be able to generate interest in global 
issues.
PRESS:  Telemundo HOY DIA TV;  NBC Local TV Doreen Genzler; 
NPR (Daniel Estrin):  
The Coronavirus Crisis 
Fauci Awarded $1 Million Israeli Prize For 
'Speaking Truth To Power' Amid Pandemic
February 16, 2021 – Global – 108,800,000/2,400,000; USA – 27,500,000/485,100
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 624 ---
Cases continue to come down globally:
Media trying to show discrepancies in the Biden team response.  CDC and 
Walensky under criticism for their recent guidelines for opening schools since they 
are really quite confusing.   They say open the schools but the guidelines show that 
85-90% of the country is in the “red” zone and therefore, should hold off on 
opening.  I believe that this is typical CDC confusion and lack of clear crisp 
guidelines no matter who is CDC Director.  Also, the are pitting (a little) what I am 
saying against what VP Harris is saying.   VP saying that we have to “start from 
scratch” in the vaccine roll out and I have been saying that some things were done 
well such as the mechanism for shipping vaccines.  I reconcile this by saying that 
the mechanisms for getting doses into people’s arms were in bad shape when the 
Biden team came in.   The press are accepting this.
Briefed (together with Francis Collins, Rochelle, and Janet Woodcock) the House 
and Senate Caucuses on COVID-19 variants
PRESS: CNN with Jim Sciutto;  LA Times TV; NPR – “Science Friday” with 
Ira Flatow;
New York Post:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 625 ---
Everything you need to know about Fauci-ing, 
the new COVID dating trend 
By Emily Jacobs
February 17, 2021 – Global – 109,200,000/2,400,000; USA – 27,600,000/486,400
Cases continue to plummet:
Columbus Citizens Foundation's Dr. Anthony S. 
Fauci Scholarship - Created For Graduate 
Students In Medical And Public Health Fields - 
Now Accepting Applicants 
• Did Fireside Chat with AME Reid Temple Church (Maryland) – Pastor Mark Whitlock
• Did podcast “Pod Save America” with Jon Favreau
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 626 ---
• Did podcast with James Hildreth from Meharry Medical College
PRESS: CBS This Morning with Gayle King and Tony Dokoupil; Online TV interview 
with Clive Cookson (Editor, Financial Times) for the UK Science Museum event;  White 
House Press Conference on the usual MWF schedule; CNN “360” with Anderson Cooper.
February 18, 2021- Global – 109,600,000/2,400,000;  USA – 27,700,000/489,100
Big Ice-storm in Washington DC and major ice storms and snow over southwest (Texas) with 
several deaths.   Currently heavy snow in NYC and Boston
Cases continue to drop
Briefed President Biden today in Oval (Virtually).  I briefed him on pediatric vaccine trials 
and mentioned that we likely will have high school children (13-17 yo) vaccinated by mid-Fall, 
but it would take until Q1 of 2022 to get the trials done and approval for elementary school 
children (6 to 12 yo).   He asked good questions but he rambled a bit, seemingly repeating things 
that he had said a few minutes previously.
• Did really fun “Fireside Chat” with Karl-Anthony Towns (All-Star NBA Player – Rookie 
of the Year in 2015-2016) and “Dominicans on the Hill”.    He had COVID-19 and` his 
mother died of COVID-19.   We gave good messages to the Dominican community
• Spoke with the PEPVAR group about USA providing $4-5 billion to build plants to 
produce Moderna mRNA for the world – Peter Staley, James Krellenstein, David Barr, 
Christian Urrutia, Wafaa El Sadr.   I will bring this up to Jeff Zients.
PRESS: MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell; Council on Foreign Relations podcast – “Why it 
Matters”;  Interview with Char Koosta News (discussed tribal Vaccine hesitancy with Sam 
Sandoval);  Interview with Times of Israel on my Dan David Prize; Interview with Alice 
Park of Time Magazine on 1st 100 days of Biden Administration; Did Buzzfeed interview 
with Dan Vergano on the Fateful March 11, 2020 when we shut down Europe.
February 19, 2021 – Global    USA
Online preprint paper cam out from Israel saying that a single dose of Pfizer mRNA protected 
well (85% at 15-28 days against symptomatic disease and 72% against symptomatic and 
asymptomatic disease).   9000 individual study of young and healthy people.  We do not know 
the durability of this protection.   I made point at the press conference (see below) that we will 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 627 ---
stick with the 2 dose since we know from our studies that the 2nd dose increases the response 10-
fold over the 1st dose.   This height of response gives a cushion against the existing variants and 
also if you have a less-than-optimal response (albeit a good response) to the 1st dose, you may 
actually “select” for more variants.
• Call from Jeff Sachs about the International Monetary Fund (Special Drawing Rights – 
SDR) and the possibility of a $40-$50 billion dollar program to vaccinate the entire 
world.   He wants me to have a special role.   Moe later.
• Gave Harvey lecture virtually at Georgetown
• Met with Francis C, Carl D, John Martin, and Larry Tabak about the COVID targeted 
drug development program that I am trying to set up with the $743 million that we put 
into our total NIH budget request.   It will be based in NIAID with Carl as the lead.   As 
usual Francis wants governance to be somewhat under his control.   All good.   We will 
get it done.
PRESS:  Interview with Erin Banco – The Daily Beast; White House Press Conference; 
ESPN Baseball TV with Buster Olney; interview with Ben Samuels of Haaretz Israel 
Newspaper (he tried to get me involved with commenting on the policy of Israel and I 
refused); MSNBC with Joy Reid;
February 20, 2021 – Global -110,400,000/2,400,000;  USA – 27,800,000/494,000
PRESS:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 628 ---
February 21, 2021 – Global – 110,700,000/2,500,000;  USA – 27,900,000/499,000
Matt Pottinger’s interview with Margaret Brennan on Face the Nation.  Good summary of 
history of the early months: https://cbsn.ws/3pGH9tR 
Mike Osterholm still predicting an “inevitable” massive surge in the Spring.   He also is insisting 
that we can study the 1 dose strategy in time for meaningful results.
PRESS:  Sunday shows:  NBC - Meet the Press with Chuck Todd;  FOX Sunday with Chris 
Wallace; CNN State of the Union with Dana Bash.
February 22, 2021 – Global – 111,100,000/2,500,000; USA – 27,900,000/500,000
Reached 500,000 deaths in the USA today!!
However, numbers of new cases continue to come down.  Will be race between the new variants 
and our two tools of defense: 1) vaccine; 2) public health measures.   Luckily the mRNA 
vaccines and J & J are good against the B.117 (UK).  Even though they are less effective against 
the B1.531 (RSA) isolate they still likely will protect against hospitalization and death – the J & 
J definitely does (tested in RSA) and we can extrapolate that the mRNA (not yet tested in RSA) 
also does.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 629 ---
PRESS:  The Telegraph: 
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/0/dr-
anthony-fauci-had-publicly-disagree-
trump-allowed-terrible/ 
Anthony Fauci exclusive interview: 'When I 
publicly disagreed with Trump he let 
terrible things happen' 
Good Morning America (ABC) with George Stephanopoulos; CBS This Morning with 
Gayle King and Anthony Mason; PBS “GZERO WORLD” with Ian Bremmer; White 
House Press Briefing – I outlines therapeutics and the new FDA updated guidelines to 
companies for handling variants; Fireside Chat with David Rubenstein upon my receiving 
the 2021 Great Americans Medal from the Smithsonian’s National Museum of American 
History; Reuters online TV interview with Julie Steenhuysen; i24 TV News (Israel); 
Fireside chat with  Leon Panetta at his Panetta Institute for Public Policy.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 630 ---
February 23, 2021 – Global -111,400,000/2,500,000; USA – 28,000,000/500,000
Had great call with Barbra Streisand.   She called my cell at 6:05 PM.   She has recently had 
zoster with lesion on hip/buttock.  She has post-zoster neuralgia down her leg, but the primary 
lesion had healed.   She wanted to know if it was OK to get the mRNA vaccine.   I told her yes.  
We then stared discussing life in general.   I told her that I work listening to her songs on 
ALEXA.  She really did not know what ALEXA was.   I accidentally butt called her later in the 
evening and she said that she was going to call me anyway since she wanted to know if there was 
any difference between the Moderna and the Pfizer product.   I told her none.   I then explained 
to her more about ALEXA.   I brought the phone over to ALEXA and asked to play “Songs by 
Barbra Streisand”.  When the song came on loud and clear, she started laughing and absolutely 
loved it!
PRESS:  Yahoo News Interview
February 24, 2021 – Global – 111,800,000/2,500,000; USA – 28,100,000/501,200
The PBS team is here today filming their documentary.
Received the 2021 Larry Foster Award for Integrity in Public Communication from the Arthur 
W. Page Center (Donald P. Bellisario College of Communications of Pennsylvania State 
University
PRESS:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 631 ---
February 25, 2021 – Global – 112,200,000/2,500,000    USA – 28,000,000/503,600
Cases continue to come down, but yesterday was 1st day that cases actually started to back up a 
little.   Could be artifact.   Variants gaining much attention.  The B1.427/429 in California is 
spreading in CA and seems to be somewhat more transmissible. The new B.1. 526 in NYC is 
also troublesome and spreading.
Issue with J & J. VRBPAC will meet on Feb. 26 (tomorrow).   
Big Day at the White House -   Met with POTUS and VPOTUS in the Oval office for our 
weekly briefing on COVID.   In Oval with us was Jeff Z, Natalie Q; on screen weas Rochelle 
and Marcella.   I presented the options for the upcoming ruling on J & J for EUA.   Data on >60 
WITH comorbidities doers not look good.  Overall USA efficacy 72%.  I also described the 
Moderna efforts to do with NIAID Phase 1 trials with a boost to previously vaccinated and 
prime/boost for previously not vaccinated people using the B.1.531 (South African variant).
Then went with the POTUS and VPOTUS to South Court auditorium to watch NIH OMS nurse 
Elizabeth Galloway administer mRNA (Moderna) to 4 volunteers to celebrate before a packed 
press the 50 millionth vaccine within 37 days of Biden Presidency
Then went to do PSAs with the White House digital Comms team.   They all wanted selfies with 
me.
Had 5:00PM call with Janet Woodcock, Francis Collins, John Mascola, Cliff lane, Peter Marks,  
and we decided that it would be best to recommend and EUA for people younger that 60 years 
old because the >60 years with co-morbidities had only a 42% efficacy.
Had 6:30 PM talk led by Bechara Choucar and including me, Rochelle and Marcella at the 
request of Jeff Z to discuss what two vaccinated people can do together.   We were getting 
criticism that we were not using common sense to tell people that they can now relax a bit and 
enjoy each other.   Example I give in being able to hug Jenny now that we are both vaccinated.   
Th right wing crazies at FOX have been criticizing me for not recommending loosening up.   I 
have true to not get ahead of the CDC sine I feel stringy that two vaccinated people can act 
together like there is no outbreak.   However, in society, this would be different.   My point is 
that the risk is very small and each person should evaluate the level of risk they are willing to 
take to start getting back to normal.  I will give my professional judgment while we are waiting 
for the CDC to come out with some guidance.   I will be on all the Sunday Shows this weekend 
and this is what I will say.  Rochelle agrees and says that the CDC will be coming out with some 
professional judgment guidelines soon.
E-mail from Leon Panetta:
From: Panetta Institute <
info@panettainstitute.org> 
Sent: Wednesday, February 24, 2021 8:15 PM
To: Conrad, Patricia (NIH/NIAID) [E] <conradpa@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: From Leon E. Panetta to Anthony Fauci
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 632 ---
Dr. Anthony Fauci
Director
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
c/o Patricia Conrad
conradpa@niaid.nih.gov
Dear Tony:
Sylvia and I want to express our deepest thanks for your generous participation in our Lecture 
Series.  We broke a record with over 1,400 attendees and received a number of compliments on your 
performance.  One of our friends – a former Trump supporter – said “I’ve changed my mind – Fauci is a 
good guy!”  Of course, he too is Italian.
We look forward to one day taking you and your wife to a great Italian restaurant whether in 
Washington or here in Monterey. Either way, we are deeply grateful for your kindness and service to our 
nation.
Regards,
Leon
LEP:sb
PRESS:   Today Show (NBC) with Savannah Guthrie; Newsweek interview with Jack 
Dutton (British); CBSN Interactive with Tanya Rivero;  CNN with Chris Cuomo
From Axios:
21 mins ago - 
Health
"This is a race": Fauci urges Americans to take 
whatever COVID vaccine is available
Sarah Mucha
Good summary of the year:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 633 ---
A year after Trump said coronavirus was 
‘under control,’ a look back at the first news 
stories
President Donald Trump at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta on March 6, 2020. 
(Alex Brandon/AP) 
By 
Philip Bump
Feb. 24, 2021 at 9:36 p.m. UTC
February 26, 2021 – Global – 112,600,000/2,500,000;  USA – 28,200,000/506,800
Cases continue to fall however we're paying considerable attention to the possibility of surges 
associated with the variants.  Of note, Pfizer is planning to do a boost at about six months in 
order to increase the level of neutralizing antibodies that could cover indirectly the variants. OK 
 put together a zoom meeting for me to talk to members of the RED organization to discuss the 
global aspects of the COVID-19 pandemic. They were people from all over the world whom I 
did not recognize but several of them were apparently famous artists and entertainers. One of 
them was Larry Gagosian who is a very famous art dealer. The tone of the discussion and the 
questions was the importance of a global response to a global pandemic. In this regard I stressed, 
and they totally resonated with me, the importance of making vaccine available to the entire 
world since an outbreak in any part of the world is threatening to every part of the world. There 
was some nice warm interchange between Bono and I at the beginning of the discussion and 
throughout. He mentioned that his son has started a rock band and since his son has asthma they 
called the band the inhalers.  
Unfortunate and sad situation – Received a call from Tony DiNovi, Chair of the Board of 
Trustees of Regis High School, that Father Dan LaHart has been removed indefinitely from the 
Presidency of Regis High School.   Apparently, he was involved in sexual impropriety with adult 
male members of the Regis community.  There is also an issue of alcohol abuse.  He is currently 
secluded in a treatment center.  Tony called me because the story will likely be in the New York 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 634 ---
Times on Monday and the press might be calling me since it is widely known that I am strongly 
connected with Regis
PRESS: We had the usual White House press conference on the Monday , Wednesday, 
Friday schedule; CBS 60 Minutes PLUS (taped);  MSNBC Town Hall with Joy Reid.
February 27, 2021 – Global – 113,200,000/2,500,000;   USA – 28,300,000/509,000
Had good conversation with Ashish Jha. He is a good guy and he wants to understand much 
better why I am insisting on a single dose of the vaccine rather than adhering to what others are 
suggesting about giving all one doses and then worrying about the second dose three months 
later in order to protect as many vulnerable people as one can. I explained to him our strategy 
that the major concern is the evolution of mutations (variants) that would not be covered by a 
less than optimal level of neutralizing antibody. We know that when we look at the in vitro data 
the variants diminish the efficacy of the vaccine-induced antibodies; however, the high levels of 
antibodies induced by the 2nd dose give some degree of protection  (cushion) even against the 
mutants. Therefore. we are concerned that if we only give first doses and we wait three months 
or more to give the second dose that variants may dominate and infect the suboptimally protected 
people. In addition, a suboptimum level of response could actually select for mutants. In 
addition, there was no reason why we cannot dramatically increase the administration of doses 
together with the markedly increased availability of vaccine such that we can have our cake and 
eat it, namely, we can give a lot more first doses at the same time as we keep up with the second 
doses. We really need the CDC or another organization to model that. I will explain this all to 
Ron Klain on Sunday. 
I had an important conversation today led by Janet Woodcock and Peter Marks of the 
FDA about the J & J EUA. Also on the call were Francis Collins, Cliff Lane, and Rochelle 
Walensky.The subject matter was that their advisory committee (VRBAP) for consideration for 
an EUA for the J & J product (Ad26). The committee unanimously and  strongly recommended 
an unqualified EUA even though the data for elderly individuals older than 60 years old with 
comorbidities was 42%. However, there were not enough data points to be able to make a 
definitive statement that there is a significant diminution of efficacy in that subgroup. Janet and 
Peter are very concerned since they wanted the recommendation to be that the EUA would 
involve people younger than 60 years old. Apparently, the AC IP will go along with that 
recommendation. Rochelle and I in our conversation with Jeff Zients had decided that when 
asked by the press we would say that this is an excellent vaccine equivalent to the other two. It 
might become problematic if the press focuses on that group older than 60 years old with 
comorbidities. The fact is that the numbers are so low that you cannot say anything about the 
subgroup analysis.  Janet and Peter will face the press tonight. We help them to get a consistent 
message with ours. This is critical since I will be on four of the Sunday talk shows tomorrow. 
Throughout the late afternoon I was on several calls with Jeff Z who kept on checking with 
Ron Klain regarding what the right approach would be when asked on TV about what 
people who had both doses of vaccine could do with each other such as having a dinner with 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 635 ---
family and a few guests all of whom were vaccinated. Ron was quite concerned that I not go too 
far out on a limb and say that vaccinated people can safely interact with unvaccinated people in a 
household setting. Ron was also concerned about the issue a vaccinated people interacting with 
unvaccinated children.  Finally after many calls going back and forth between me and Jeff and 
then between Jeff and Ron and back to me again we decided to have a 3 way call among Jeff, 
Ron, and me. We worked it out such that I will say that I am comfortable with adults in a small 
gathering within the home not wearing masks as long as everyone was vaccinated. Importantly, I 
would stay that the CDC would be coming out with recommendations in the next couple of 
weeks. 
PRESS:  On Saturday Night Live played by Kate McKinnon:
Pop Culture
SNL dreams up a Fauci-hosted game show 
where contestants vie for the vaccine
Travis M. Andrews
Feb. 28, 2021 at 12:51 a.m. EST
February 28, 2021 (Sunday) – Global – 113,500,000/2,500,000;  USA - 28,400,000/510,800
Big topic on the Sunday shows (see below) was the EUA Issued by the FDA for the Johnson and 
Johnson adeno virus vaccine. Also, there is concern that I expressed about easing up on 
prevention modalities since the decreasing slope up infections is starting to show signs of 
plateauing. On Face the Nation( see below) Margaret Brennan showed a clip of me being 
portrayed on Saturday Night Live by Kate McKinnon.  Also, the governor of South Dakota 
Kristi Noem said that I was almost always wrong. She claims that the most important parameter 
of how well you are doing is how you maintain hospital capacity. When Margaret play that clip I 
was kind to the governor by saying different states do different things and in different ways, 
whereas I might have pointed out that her state has the most deaths per capita by COVID-19 than 
any other state in the country.
Got a call from Jeff that Anita Dunn saw me on all the shows and said that I was fabulous.
Flattening of decline concerning.  We shall see what happens in the coming days and weeks. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 636 ---
Had zoom call today with Ron Klain arranged by Jeff an included me Bechara, Marcela, 
Rochelle, Natalie, and others. The main topic was whether we should stick with our strategy of 
two doses in the usual time frame or switch to one dose and extend the interval by a couple of 
months before giving the second dose. Ron is concerned that in November we will be criticized 
for having let a few million people who would have been vaccinated remain UN vaccinated 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 637 ---
because we wanted to give two doses to everyone. I was the main explainer emphasizing that the 
second dose gives a much higher titer of antibody that will address at least partially the inevitable 
evolution of variants including those from California and importantly the B.1.526. Ron did not 
want to tell us what to do but he wanted to make sure that we seriously considered both 
alternatives and were comfortable without decision to stick with two doses on the regular 
regiment.
The ACIP recommended to CDC to implement the EUA for the J & J vaccine. Now the 
CDC needs to recommend the distribution and we can start distributing 4,000,000 doses almost 
immediately and then we will have 20 million by the end of March and a total of 100,000,000 by 
the end of June 
PRESS:  Was on 4 Sunday talk shows:  ABC This Week with George Stephanopoulos; CNN  
State of the Union with Dana Bash; CBS Face the Nation with Margaret Brennan; NBC 
Meet the Press with Chuck Todd.
March 1, 2021 – Global – 113,800,000/2,500,000;   USA – 28,400,000/512,000
• We did our weekly briefing of Principals – Cabinet members and deputies
• Did a podcast with the New Jersey Council of Churches
PRESS: NPR Radio 1A; Podcast with Kai Kuperschmidt (Science Magazine) on HIV 
versus COVID-19 vaccines; White House Press Conference (Routine 3x/week);Satellite 
Radio Tour for Native Americans; Podcast with the Interactive Advertising Bureau (David 
Cohen);
March 2, 2021 – Global – 114,100,000/2,500,000;   USA – 28,500,000/513,100
Still coming down, but the slope is changing:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 638 ---
Participated in the University of Edinburgh “Futures Conversations” Chaired by Professor 
Peter Mathieson (Vice-Chancellor, University of Edinburgh) and involving a conversation 
between me and Professor Nanshan Zhong (China) and Sheila Tlou (former Minister of Health 
of Botswana) on the global impact of COVID-19.  We spoke about global solidarity for vaccine 
equity.   Also, spoke about the variants.   Also, spoke about the approach that China took with 
the outbreak, i.e. complete lockdown
Call from Larry Horowitz.   Nancy Pelosi is angry about the fact that J & J is being equated with 
the mRNA vaccines since she has seen the data about the people >60 yo with co-morbidities.   
Also, she does not like the 72% versus 94-95%  for mRNA.   She is taking her annoyance out on 
the medical team (she has not
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 639 ---
PRESS: Podcast with Kai Kuperschmdt (follow-up from yesterday0; Seattle Gay News 
interview; Interview for Pritzer Forum/Chicago Council; Hispanicize PSA taping (Paola 
Ramos); Telemundo 52 Los Angeles;   
 In Washington Post (see below)
Fauci: U.S. must stick with two-shot strategy 
for Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna vaccines
Delaying a second dose to inoculate more Americans creates 
risks, infectious-disease expert says
By 
Dan Diamond
March 1, 2021 at 8:38 p.m. EST
March 3, 2021 – Global – 114,400,000/2,500,000;  USA – 28,500,000/515,300
Still plateauing:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 640 ---
Note that Europe cases are going up.   They are using the 1 dose of vaccine approach:
Governors of Texas and Mississippi withdraw all public health measures such as masking and 
not doing indoor dining.   I and Rochelle and Biden on TV saying that this is risky and ill-
advised.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 641 ---
PRESS: BBC Scotland Morning Radio Show;  Black News Channel with Kelly Wright; 
Brandeis Webinar with Atul Gawande and Elizabeth Rosenthal; Town Hall with United 
Food and Commercial Worker Union; CNN with Erin Burnett;
My prediction, one year ago on NBC reported here by brian Williams:
One year ago, Fauci predicted how bad a Covid 
pandemic could be
In March 2020, Dr. Anthony Fauci spoke with NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard 
Engel before Covid-19 became a global pandemic. MSNBC's Brian Williams shares how 
shockingly accurate Fauci's predicted ended up being.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 642 ---
March 4, 2021 – Global – 115,000,000/2,600,000;   USA – 28,600,000/517,200
Continuing to plateau:
Governors of Texas and Mississippi are pulling back on all public health guidelines such as 
masks (removing the mask mandate), physical distance, crowds.   Press slamming them for 
thisand Rochelle and I are being asked about this on every media hit.
Had very good discussion with Dr. Soren Brostrom, Director General of the Danish Health 
Authority Danish representative on the WHO Executive Board AND Lone Dencker Wisborg, 
Danish Ambassador to USA on Global Health matters and potential collaboration between USA 
and Denmark in global health security and pandemic preparedness.
Also met with  Congressman Espaillat regarding variant B.1.526 in his district in NYC.
Had back and forth with Jeff and Rochelle regarding the guidelines that CDC is preparing on 
what people who are vaccinated can and cannot do.   Jeff Wants to make sure that I am 
comfortable with the guidelines. I looked at them in the usual manner the CDC had too many 
qualifying statements in there that were necessary. Jeff had a problem with putting a vaccinated 
person in the same room with a person who is not vaccinated and not using masks. I convinced 
him that we should assume the very small risk and if the person who is not vaccinated is of low 
risk, then one does not have to wear a mask. Jeff was very sensitive in not having the White 
House interfere and so he went along with my suggestion that actually agreed with the CDC, 
except for the fact that they were not precise in their wording can I edited their document some 
what. The bottom line is that we would say that two vaccinated people can be indoors together in 
a home setting without masks or physical distancing. In the home setting, where one person is 
vaccinated and the other person is not, the vaccinated person has a minimal risk and attention 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 643 ---
should be paid to the risk of the  unvaccinated person.  If the person who was not vaccinated is of 
a low risk then they can do away with masks and can be together. If the person who was not 
vaccinated is of high risk of severe disease then the vaccinated person needs to wear a mask. I 
worked with Rochelle and returned the document to her.Let us see how it ultimately turns out    
I received the AmFAR “Award of Courage” on a virtual Gala tonight.   The award 
presented to me (recorded) by Julia Roberts
PRESS: MSNBC “Morning Joe”  with Joe Scarborough, Mike Brzezinski, and Willie 
Geist; Interviewed with Alexis Papachelas of Greek Kathimerini Newspaper; WTOP with 
Mike Murillo (Online and Radio); NPR with Rob Stein; Town Hall with Blue Star 
Families; CNN “The Lead” with Jake Tapper; CBS Newspath with Jon LaPook; NBC with 
Lester Holt – doing special of last photos that people took before the Pandemic struck.   I 
showed photo and gave interview about that 2019  Christmas Eve dinner at my sister’s 
home; Interview with The Atlantic with James Hamblin on COVID-19 epidemiology
March 5, 2021 – Global -115,300,000/2,600,000; USA – 28,600,000/519,100
Plateau maintaining:
Briefed POTUS and VPOTUS virtually.   He was in Oval.   I was at NIH. I explained about 
variants and how the “cushion” of antibodies provided by the 2nd dose of vaccine give 
considerable protection against severe disease
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 644 ---
PRESS: Black News Channel Morning Show (TV); Time video regarding Sesame Street; 
Washington Post interview regarding vaccine hesitancy (Online TV); 2 PSA with Gloria 
Estaban and Carolina Sandoval; White House press conference;
March 6, 2021 – Global – 115,700,000/2,600,000; USA – 28,700,000/521,300
Had pre-brief with the WH comms team (Courtney Rowe, Ben Wakana, Kate Berner, Mariel 
Saez, Ian Sams, etc for my appearance on Face the Nation tomorrow (Sunday).
7day average is not exactly plateauing, it is just flattening a bit:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 645 ---
GOP at the local level are trying to pass laws that suppress minority voters such as saying that 
you cannot give food to people who are waiting in line for hours to vote.   This 
disproportionately affects African American voters.
PRESS:   MSNBC with Tiffany Cross;
March 7, 2021 – Global – 116,100,000/2,600,000; USA – 28,800,000/523,000
Status of vaccines in USA from Monica Ghandi:
The intensity of both my popularity and of the hate that the far right have of me increases:
Fauci.pdf
PRESS:   CBS “Face the Nation” with Margaret Brennan
March 8, 2021 – Global 116,500,000/2,600,000; USA – 28,800,000/524,000
Plateau starting to come down”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 646 ---
Had a very nice and informative discussion with the minister of foreign affairs of Bosnia and 
Herzegovina, Bisera Turkovic.  She is in a very difficult situation in that she was promised 
vaccine from CoVAX; however, they have not come through on their promise. Therefore, she is 
asking me as a trusted person for suggestions on how she might address the outbreak in her own 
country. As of February 22, 2021 there have been 128,000 cases and 5000 deaths in Bosnia and 
Herzegovina.  I could not help her very much except to encourage her to have her people 
continue to wear masks and observe appropriate public health measures. I also suggested to her 
that she tried to make a deal with the Russians to try to get some of their vaccine. I also 
suggested that are possible long range solutions to try and get some of the surplus vaccine that 
would be left over after the USA vaccinated its entire population. She was very grateful for the 
discussion.  
Was on panel with President Clinto Chair) for a discussion of the shortage of oxygen in the 
LMIC.   Also there were: Joy Phumapi and John Nkgengasong
• Received the Tufts University Presidential Medal and did a Zoom Q and A with the Dean 
of the Tisch College of Civic Life at Tufts
PRESS: Interview with Sarah Owermohle for Politico; White House Press Conference; 
Axios interview about March 11 – with Naomi Shavin; Fireside Chat  with National league 
of Cities; Fireside Chat with Tufts University Dean of Tisch Colege on the occasion of 
receiving the Presidential Medal; CBS New Radio, Los Angeles interviewed together with 
L.A. Mayor Eric Garcetti
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 647 ---
March 9, 2021 Global – 116,900,000/2,600,000;  USA – 28,900,000/525,000
Oops!   See below.   Likely a fluke:
• Had a very nice virtual ceremony inducting me as a Honorary Fellow into the Royal 
College of Physicians of Ireland by its President Dr. Mary Horgan.  Bill Powderly 
(Washington University of St. Louis) connected us.   Mary had taken an infectious 
Diseases fellowship at Wash U.
• Did Fireside Chat with Paul Kelly (Chief medical Officer of Australia) on the differences 
between COVID-19 in USA and Australia.   Sponsored by CSIS (Steve Morrison and 
Katherine Bliss)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 648 ---
PRESS: NPR “All Things Considered” with Mary Louise Kelly (done together with 
Francis Collins); VICE TV Documentary Taping; Gray TV Special with Greta Van 
Susteren; Did podcast with Tom Inglesby from Hopkins; 
March 10, 2021 – Global – 117,300-,000/2,600,000;  USA – 29,000,000/526,200
Had a very moving tribute to me upon the receipt of the Yale University School of Management 
“Legend in Leadership” Award from the Chief Executive Leadership Institute.   Moving 
comments by Albert Bourla (Pfizer), Alex Gorsky (J & J). 
PRESS:  CNN “New Day” with John Berman; Interview with Carolyn Johnson of the 
Washington Post; Instagram with Eugenio Derbez (Mexican-American entertainer)
Historical comparison of the vaccine efforts of Trump versus Biden in NY Times article by 
Sharon La Franiere:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 649 ---
Biden Got the Vaccine Rollout 
Humming, With Trump’s Help
Trump administration officials grumble that they laid the groundwork for surging 
vaccinations, but some hard work in the trenches has helped pick up the pace of 
production.  See link below:
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/03/10/us/politics/biden-coronavirus-vaccine.html  
March 11, 2021 – Global -117,800/2,600,000; USA – 29,100,000/527,700
Had Zoom with Jeff and the team to go over the POTUS speech for tonight to commemorate the 
1 year anniversary from the time (March 11, 2020) when the WHO declared this a pandemic of 
global health concern and we shut down travel from Europe.   This was a big day for me 1 year 
ago – (go back to notes of March 11, 2020).   Also, I have been pushing with Jeff and Rochelle 
to have the CDC be a bit less “risk averse” in their recommendations of what a person can do 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 650 ---
once they are fully vaccinated.   The CDC really needs to step up and give recommendations for 
travel, workplace, houses of worship.   They are dragging their feet.   I am gently coaching 
Rochelle to go by her own instincts and not always yielding to the rigidity of the career CDC 
staff.
• Had Zoom call with Gov. Dan McKee of Rhode Island asking advice about the next few 
weeks and his plans for the state
PRESS:  NBC “This Morning” with Savannah Guthrie; ABC “Good Morning America” 
with George Stephanopoulos;  ESPN “First Take” TV with Max Kellerman, Stephen A. 
Smith, and Molly Qerim Rose (discussed my 5 favorite athletes); Podcast (“We Can Do 
This”) with Robin Roberts; CBS Evening News with Norah O’Donnell; Filmed Stephen 
Colbert for tomorrow night; MSNBC – Rachel Maddow
March 12, 2021 – Global -    USA
Still plateauing:
Briefed the Principals for our weekly briefing.   I showed the replication cycle of SARS-CoV-2 
and the vulnerable targets for direct anti-viral therapy
David Kessler together with Rick Levin (formerly of Yale) made a proposal to provide through 
the congress 5 billion to me and NIAID to decide how we wanted to put together a “vaccine 
manufacturing plan that would involve everything from the fundamental research going into 
pandemic preparedness to the actual manufacturing of 300,000,000 doses of vaccine per year. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 651 ---
This is an extraordinary offer then I will have to sit down with my team particularly John 
Mascola who was on the call with us to determine what aspect of this multifaceted plan that 
David proposed would be owned by us here at NIAID versus what we would give to 
HHS/ASPR/BARDA.  I asked John to think about a team that we could put together in the 
beginning of the week to come back to David with a plan. Obviously, we will have to go 2 
Francis Collins and thoroughly briefed him and get his buy in.  
PRESS: Zoom interview with Spike Lee for a documentary that he is filming; 
Politico by Sarah Owermohle and Erin Banco
Fauci takes on a new role: Biden’s Covid whisperer
Few others cast as long a shadow as Fauci — who over the last year has given America a crash course in 
epidemiology — especially with top health posts vacant.
March 13, 2021 Global – 118,800,000/2,600,000; USA – 29,200,000/530,700
PRESS:   Filmed with Mark Manucci for PBS
March 14, 2021 – Global – 119,200,000/2,600,000; USA – 29,200,000/531,800
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 652 ---
PRESS:  NBC “Meet the Press” with Chuck Todd; CNN State of the Union” with Jake 
Tapper; Fox News with Chris Wallace; Gray TV “Full Court Press” with Greta Van 
Susteren
March 15, 2021 – Global – 119,600,000/2,600,000;  USA -29,300,000/532,400
Got call tonight from Larry Horowitz saying that Drew Weissman and his collaborator are 
planning to hold a press conference to discuss their studies in mice showing that an 
intramuscular injection of the mRNA vaccine leads to an immune response in the amniotic fluid 
of the pups in a pregnancy model. The FDA has already received the DART (Development and 
Reproductive Toxicology) studies from Moderna and Pfizer. According to Emily these studies 
were clean. The FDA has heard about the Weissman studies and feels that they are invalid. The 
two companies also feel that the studies are invalid. However, we cannot blow them off for 
obvious reasons. Even if the Weissman studies prove to be invalid, the fact that they are holding 
a press conference is going to create a huge mess. Hopefully, we can get this sorted out and have 
a repeat of studies to counter this finding. More later. 
Jeff Zients has heard about this and called me tonight at 9:30 PM.   I told him we have to get the 
FDA out their showing that they have DART studies and explaining what their studies showed.
Cases coming down:
Yet Europe is seeing an upswing of cases resulting mostly from B.1.1.1.7:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 653 ---
Today I received on a virtual zoom the Ivan Alan Award for Social Courage given by Georgia 
Tech University and it's President doctor Angel Cabrera. There was a video about my 
accomplishments and Rochelle Walensky joined us to celebrate the award. Rochelle was very 
generous in calling me her hero, her mentor, and her friend. I should point out at this point that 
Rochelle has become closer and closer to me in our very collegial relationship. In addition, I 
should point out that I have been getting a number of awards and prizes that I had not even 
documented in these notes. It is a shame that things are moving so quickly that I don't even have 
time to savor for a moment the many awards that I have been getting. 
PRESS: Did White House Press briefing today with Rochelle and Andy; 
March 16, 2021 – Global – 120,000,000/2,700,000; USA – 29,300,000/533,100
I took the led in pushing Janet Woodcock (FDA) and Rochelle Walensky (CDC) to make sure 
that all their ducks were in order.  In fact, Janet checked and both Pfizer and Moderna had clean 
DART studies on record and CDC was following closely 2000 vaccinated pregnant women from 
a cohort of 31,000 and no red flags.   All good so far.
Participated in a very nice function at the National Cathedral where Francis Collins and I and 
Eliseo Perez-Stable gave brief remarks to various ministers from surrounding counties such as 
Montgomery, Arlington, Fairfax, District of Columbia, and others. The purpose was to have 
these African American pastors get publicly vaccinated in the cathedral so that their constituents 
would follow. It was one of many outreach efforts that Francis and I and others have been doing 
over the past months to stimulate interest in getting vaccinated.  
Summary of vaccines below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 654 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 655 ---
PRESS: MSNBC “Morning Joe” with Joe Scarborough; ABC “GMA3” with Jen Ashton; 
Wall Street Journal – CEO Council with John Bussey; Podcast with The Economist; 
National Cathedral Function with Press
March 17, 2021 – Global – 120,400,000/2,700,000; USA – 29,400,000/534,100
Testified before the House Energy and Commerce Oversight & Investigations Subcommittee 
chaired by Diana De Gette (D-CO) with ranking member Morgan Griffith (R- VA).   Good 
hearing with the usual snarkiness from David McKinley (R-WV) and Gary Palmer (R-AL).   
Several question centered around the GOP angry because the Dems are not giving Trump enough 
credit for the vaccine.   It is reflecting what Trump has been saying to the media.
Pres. Joe Biden sent me a thank you letter:
Letter from 
president Joe Biden  
PRESS: NBC Late Show with Seth Meyers; White House Press Conference
March 18, 2021 – Global – 120,900,000/2,700,000; USA – 29,400,000/535,200
Testified before the Senate HELP Committee chaired by Sen. Patty Murray (D_WA) and 
ranking Minority Richard Burr (R-NC).   I had my typical fight with Sen. Rand Paul who 
insisted that masks were pure theater.   I blew him away.
After the Hearing, I briefed the POTUS and VPOTUS on Building Vaccine Confidence.   
Present virtually – me, Andy Slavitt, Marcella Nunez-Smith, and Courtney Rowe.   In the Oval – 
Jeff, Natalie Quillian, Anita Dunn.
Had call with Jeff, David K. Natalie, Anne Schuchat regarding alarming increase in NYC of 
B.1.526.  Anne will call Zucker to suggest strongly to shut down bars and restaurants. We 
are afraid of a surge that we had expected since NYC tends to follow Europe, which is surging 
now following a plateau.
SA giving vaccine to Canada and Mexico.   For Mexico it is a quid pro quo to control 
immigration at the border.
Also, AstraZeneca continues to mess up on their examination of data with the DSMB.   They 
have shown extreme incompetence throughout this entire affair with mixing up clinical trial data 
in the UK to not having equity demographically in their USA trial
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 656 ---
PRESS: NBC “Today” with Savannah Guthrie; Did short TV hots with local stations in 
Alabama, Louisiana; North Carolina; South Carolina; CNN with Chris Cuomo
March 19, 2021 – Global    USA
Still flattening.   General worry about surge while several states are pulling back on mask 
mandates and other public health measures:
PRESS:  CBS “This Morning” with Gayle King; Snapchats with White House Comms; 
MSNBC “All In” with Chris Hayes
March 20, 2021 – Global – 122,000,000/2,700,000; USA – 29,600,000/538,300
Had our newly established Saturday AM meeting with the medical team led by Jeff Zients to go 
over important issues.   I brought up for the first time the issue of having Biden lead an effort to 
allow LMICs to produce their own vaccine.   This could be a legacy issue for him similar to what 
George WQ. Buch did with PEPFAR.
Cases starting to come up after the plateau:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 657 ---
PRESS:  NBC “Today Weekend” with Kristen Welker and Peter Alexander;
March 21, 2021 – Global   USA
Still flat or slightly increased:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 658 ---
While Europe continues to surge:
And Brazil follows:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 659 ---
March 22, 2021 – Global -123,000,000/2,700,000; USA – 29,700,000/540,000
Trump has been attacking me (and Deb Birx) in recent interviews on FOX News and “the Hill” 
(see below) saying that we were wrong most of the time.   However, he actually says that I am a 
nice guy and he likes me.
Big semi-scandal!  AstraZeneca again messed up. Today was the day when they announced the 
data of their phase three clinical trial of a covid vaccine. The data showed a 78.9% efficacy with 
good efficacy against severe disease. They put out a press conference and press release and we 
followed with a press release that mirrored their release. As it turns out the data and safety 
monitoring board, which was getting impatient with them and was having trouble with their 
submission from the beginning, send them a harsh letter also addressed to me indicating that the 
data in their press release was not the most recent data an actually made the data looked more 
favorable. When the White House found out about this, it triggered a series of zoom calls with 
the comms team of the White House (Courtney Rowe et al) led by Jeff Zients. the final decision 
was that we would put out a press statement from NIAID in the middle of the night urging AZ to 
come clean with the DSMB and to straighten out their press release. See below the letter from 
the DSMB to me and AZ as well as our press release. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 660 ---
final Concern over 
AZ press release.pdf
 
NIAID Statement on AstraZeneca Vaccine
Late Monday, the Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) notified NIAID, BARDA, and AstraZeneca that it was concerned by 
information released by AstraZeneca on initial data from its COVID-19 vaccine clinical trial. The DSMB expressed concern that 
AstraZeneca may have included outdated information from that trial, which may have provided an incomplete view of the efficacy 
data. We urge the company to work with the DSMB to review the efficacy data and ensure the most accurate, up-to-date efficacy 
data be made public as quickly as possible. 
Authorization and guidelines for use of the vaccine in the United States will be determined by the Food and Drug Administration 
and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention after thorough review of the data by independent advisory committees.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 661 ---
PRESS:   White House Press briefing – I presented the AZ results – 78.9% effective and 
100% effective against sever disease – 0 in vaccine; 5 in placebo;  BBC Radio World News;
The Hill:
Trump says Fauci 'a 
promoter more than 
anything'
BY JUSTINE COLEMAN - 03/22/21 09:18 AM EDT 621
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 662 ---
March 23, 2021 –  Global -123,400,000/2,700,000;  USA – 29,700,000/540,500
Did Governor’s Association call and gave them an update.   Was introduced by Governor Cuomo 
who bragged about my New York City roots and that I am Italian-American.
Did a Fireside Chat with the Forum of Small States – 100 of the smaller nations of the world.   It 
was very enjoyable and they were totally appreciative of me and many said how popular I was in 
their country.   The Irish Ambassador said I was “beloved in Ireland”.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 663 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 664 ---
PRESS:  ABC - Good Morning America with Robin Roberts; much press calls associated 
with the AZ issue described above; Entravision interview with Tsi-Tsi-Ki Felix from 
Univision;   many print interviews related to the AZ issue (see above)
Politico:
Fauci: AstraZeneca needs to 'straighten out' vaccine data
March 24, 2021 – Global -123,900,000/2,700,000; USA – 29,800,000/541,300
• Moncef Slaoui fired from GSK Board of Directors for sexual harassment charges dating 
back a few years
• AZ continues to mess up on everything they seem to do.   Hopefully, we will bring their 
miscommunication to an end as they finalize their discussions with the DSMB.
• Got a call from Tom Frieden today about 2 issues: 1) Tom wants to know how I feel 
about working with Moderna in getting them to give up some intellectual property so that 
we can get vaccine to the developing world . He wants to see if I have a relationship with 
Moderna. If so, he would like to help with seeing if we can get Moderna to cooperate in 
building plants in the developing world to provide vaccine. Tom is going to send me 
some talking points that I might bring to Jeff Zients so that I do not go rogue on this 
without letting the administration know. 2) Tom is quite concerned that there is no 
decision yet on the commissioner of the Food and Drug administration. He is very much 
in favor of Josh Scharfstein over Janet Woodcock. He is trying to figure out ways to get 
the administration to seriously consider Josh. Apparently Ron Klain is concerned that 
Josh would have trouble getting confirmed by the Senate. Tom thinks that this is not an 
issue.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 665 ---
PRESS: White House Press Briefing – most questions still about the AZ situation; Town 
Hall on Sirius XM “Rock the Bells” with LLCoolJ – guests – me, Marcella Nunez-Smith 
and DJ Jazzy Jeff;
ENTERTAINMENT 
03/24/2021 07:45 am ET
Dana Carvey Goes Full ‘Godfather’ 
With Hilarious Dr. Anthony Fauci 
Impression
“She was having sex with Dr. Anthony Fauci, now she’s banging a 
f**king star.”
https://www.huffpost.com/entry/dana-carvey-anthony-fauci n 605b174dc5b66d30c74022cc 
The Brooch Is Back, Baby
“These days, better than a tweet,” as one stylist put it.
•
•
•
•
•
•
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 666 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 667 ---
March 25, 2021 – Global  - 124,200,000/2,700,000; USA – 29,800,000/543,000
After a Zoom meeting yesterday with the DSMB Chaired by Rich Whitley, it became clear 
that they are furious with AZ since they feel that the AZ people are “pathological liars”.   It is a 
shame, because their vaccine is really a good vaccine; however, with their dishonest actions, they 
are casting discredit on the vaccine.
Continues to plateau amid concerns for surge.   Spring break is at hand.
Variants in the USA:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 668 ---
The plateau continues:
PRESS:  Bloomberg podcast; Podcast “Just Getting Started” with Rich Eisen;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 669 ---
March 26, 2021 – Global – 125,200,000/2,700,000;  USA – 29,900,000/544,000
Have continued to make virtual rounds on patients at the clinical center. I have not been 
indicating it in these notes; however, I have been regularly going to rounds at least once per 
week and occasionally two times per week. I want to make sure that I do not lose contact with 
what is going on in the trenches both with HIV and with COVID-19. 
Cases creeping up…….
PRESS:  White House Press Conference – I introduced the college campus transmission 
study (Larry Corey);
March 27, 2021 – Global -125,800,000/2,800,000; USA – 29,900,000/545,300
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 670 ---
PRESS:  ABC – Good Morning America (Weekend);
March 28, 2021 Global   USA
Going in the wrong direction:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 671 ---
PRESS:  CBS – Face the Nation with Margaret Brennan; Viewing of the Sanjay Gupta 
piece on CNN of the “6 doctors”;
March 29, 2021 – Global – 126,900,000/2,800,000; USA – 30,100,000/546,700
• Considerable commenting rom the press about the Sanjay Gupta Special last night on the 
“6 Doctors” where me, Birx, redfield, Hahn, Giroir, and Kadlec were interviewed.   I cam 
out fine, but the press criticized the rest , particularly Birx, Redfield and Hahn for using 
the interviews to try to rehabilitate their reputations that suffered by their performance 
during the Trump administration where they did not speak up against the misinformation 
from Trump (see below under “Press”)
• Briefed the POTUS and VPOTUS on our usual weekly briefing.  
• President Trump lashed back in response to the CNN Special last night and wildly 
criticized Deb and I even making up stories that I bad-mouthed Deb all the time.  He is 
truly an obnoxious adolescent.   Below is his statement:
– March 29, 2021 –
Statement by Donald J. Trump, 45th President of the United States of America
Based on their interviews, I felt it was time to speak up about Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx, two self-promoters 
trying to reinvent history to cover for their bad instincts and faulty recommendations, which I 
fortunately almost always overturned. They had bad policy decisions that would have left our country 
open to China and others, closed to reopening our economy, and years away from an approved 
vaccine—putting millions of lives at risk.
We developed American vaccines by an American President in record time, nine months, which is saving 
the entire world. We bought billions of dollars of these vaccines on a calculated bet that they would 
work, perhaps the most important bet in the history of the world. Dr. Fauci and Dr. Birx moved far too 
slowly, and if it were up to them we’d currently be locked in our basements as our country suffered 
through a financial depression. Families, and children in particular, would be suffering the mental strains 
of this disaster like never before.
In a fake interview last night on CNN, Dr. Fauci, who said he was an athlete in college but couldn’t throw 
a baseball even close to home plate, it was a “roller,” tried to take credit for the vaccine, when in fact he 
said it would take three to five years, and probably longer, to have it approved. Dr. Fauci was incapable 
of pressing the FDA to move it through faster. I was the one to get it done, and even the fake news 
media knows and reports this.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 672 ---
Dr. Fauci is also the king of “flip-flops” and moving the goalposts to make himself look as good as 
possible. He fought me so hard because he wanted to keep our country open to countries like China. I 
closed it against his strong recommendation, which saved many lives. Dr. Fauci also said we didn’t need 
to wear masks, then a few months later he said we needed to wear masks, and now, two or three of 
them. Fauci spent U.S. money on the Wuhan lab in China—and we now know how that worked out.
Dr. Birx is a proven liar with very little credibility left. Many of her recommendations were viewed as 
“pseudo-science,” and Dr. Fauci would always talk negatively about her and, in fact, would ask not to be 
in the same room with her. The States who followed her lead, like California, had worse outcomes on 
Covid, and ruined the lives of countless children because they couldn’t go to school, ruined many 
businesses, and an untold number of Americans who were killed by the lockdowns themselves. Dr. Birx 
was a terrible medical advisor, which is why I seldom followed her advice. Her motto should be “Do as I 
say, not as I do.” Who can forget when Dr. Birx gave a huge mandate to the people of our Nation to not 
travel, and then traveled a great distance to see her family for Thanksgiving—only to have them call the 
police and turn her in? She then, embarrassingly for her, resigned.
Finally, Dr. Birx says she can’t hear very well, but I can. There was no “very difficult” phone call, other 
than Dr. Birx’s policies that would have led us directly into a COVID caused depression. She was a very 
negative voice who didn’t have the right answers. Time has proven me correct. I only kept Dr. Fauci and 
Dr. Birx on because they worked for the U.S. government for so long—they are like a bad habit!
Hospitalizations in people <65 years old:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 673 ---
PRESS:  Had a “Roll Up Your Sleeves” chat for a PSA with Matthew McConaughey; 
MSNBC – Meg Tirrell; 
Washington Post:
Feuds, fibs and finger-pointing: Trump officials 
say coronavirus response was worse than 
known
'That’s what bothers me every day’: Birx and others admit 
failures that hampered the White House response
White House coronavirus response coordinator Deborah Birx, left, and National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases Director Anthony S. Fauci listen as President Donald Trump speaks last spring. (Jabin 
Botsford/The Washington Post)
By 
Dan Diamond
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 674 ---
March 29, 2021 at 8:09 a.m. EDT
March 30, 2021 – Global    USA
I remain close to Deb Birx and she still communicates with me about he observations of how 
things are going.  Below is an e-mail she sent me this morning:
Testing rates continue to drop reaching under July levels 
despite substantial increase in number of test and testing 
supplies available.  "Surveillance testing" or testing for this 
silent spread is so critical. The original rising test positivity in 
18-24 is now 25-44 and rising.  This is how all the prior surges 
occurred - due to vaccination level the fatalities maybe be less 
and the risk to the health system maybe less but the potential 
for significant increases in morbidity and long term impact of 
COVID 19 will be most evident in these age groups. Simply 
repeating the same public health messages without tailoring to 
specific age groups on specific media platforms where the 
message will be heard will not have the impact we need at this 
moment.  Please take care of yourself.  Deb
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 675 ---
Trump furious and being inarticulate in responding to our appearance on CNN Special.    He is 
still talking about my errant pitch on opening day last year.   He is rambling on.   Meadows and 
Navarro  are attacking me on FOX News.   Navarro calling me a pathologic liar and calling the 
virus the “Fauci Virus’.   The Trump team is really acting like a bunch of idiots.
Peter Navarro being delusional again:
Peter Navarro Slams Dr. Fauci: Virus Came From ‘Building’ He Built
• Had Zoom meeting with Brazilian Minister of Health Dr. Marcello Queiroga.   They 
need help from the USA because they are having a terrible problem and President 
Bolsonaro is very Trump-like and hurting the country with his approach.   I offered to 
help by collaborating in research and discussing strategies.   They really want vaccine 
from us, but the USA policy is that we will wait until we vaccinate our whole country 
before we give away excess vaccines.   Unfortunately, that is all that I could offer them.  
They will get plenty of vaccine from Pfizer, AZ and J & J in late May and early June.  
After the zoom meeting, I received a note from one of their scientists – Dr. Jorge Kalil.   
He asked me to please help them and hang in their with them sine Bolonsaro in terrible 
and the Brazilian scientific community and Brazilian people hold me in high regard and 
they need me to stick up for them
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 676 ---
• Had Zoom meeting with Marshawn Lynch former running back for the Seattle 
Seahawks.   Really interesting.  A lot of street talk.   It was actually a “PSA” for 
vaccinating African Americans
• Had Zoom with D.L. Hughley – famous entertainer - another interesting chat on his 
show about African Americans and CVID vaccinations
• WHO Report is out saying that it is “very unlikely” that the virus originated from a lab 
accident.   There is concern that the Chinese had a lot of influence over what data the  
WHO group had access to
PRESS:  Did interview with Phil Rucker about his book on the Trump response to COVID-
19                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
Politico: Trump lashes out at Fauci and Birx after CNN 
documentary
The former president released a fact-challenged statement criticizing the former advisers after they 
criticized his administration’s pandemic response.
Health
Fauci and others look ahead to the 
holidays: Put another leaf in the table
(QuickHoney for The Washington Post)
By Marlene Cimons
March 27, 2021 at 10:00 a.m. EDT
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 677 ---
March 31, 2021 – Global – 127,900,000/2,800,000; USA – 30,200,000/548,200
Still flat or inching up:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 678 ---
• Had my every other week call with Chris Whitty and Patrick Valance of the UK.   They 
are as concerned as we are about the potential for another surge.   They are waiting on 
ordered doses of vaccine.
• Did nice interview with Nick News for Children answering their questions about 
vaccines.
• Did interview with Ricky Martin scheduled for Latin Grammy awards.   Asked 
questions about vaccines.
• I have been praising David Ho to the White House people regarding his studies of the 
variants.   On that basis they are now probing whether he might be a good choice for 
FDA Commissioner.
Source
Dr M Gandhi  UCSF:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 679 ---
•
PRESS:WJLA TV – discussed Nats baseball season; CNN with Chris Cuomo;
Morning Joe’ Trashes Fox News Host for 
Allowing Navarro’s Unhinged Fauci Rant: 
‘That’s Fireable’
April 1, 2021 – Global – 128,500,000/2,800,000; USA – 30,300,000/549,100
The Trump people including Meadows, Navarro and several other minor figures are going 
on a rampage on FOX news attacking me.   Navarro calling me a psychopath and pathologic 
liar and Meadows blaming me for not weighing in on Children at the border.   Amazing!!!  Other 
news media are criticizing them strongly for doing this.
• Had nice Fireside Chat with American Red Cross – Gail McGovern (CEO).  The 
comments on the chat box were uniformly positive
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 680 ---
• Had a Zoom with Prize-winning artist Hugo Crosthwaite and Taina Caragol of the 
National Portrait Gallery.   Taina will be commissioning Hugo to do a portrait of me 
for the National Portrait Gallery Collection.   The whole process will take about 1 year.
• Majorie Taylor Greene is trying to introduce legislation to fire me.  Really!!!!:
• Marjorie Taylor Greene: Fire Fauci and 
ban vaccine mandate and passport
        by Paul Bedard, Washington Secrets Columnist | 
PRESS: CBS This Morning with Gayle King; WXYZ TV Detroit; FOX L.A. TV “The 
Issue Is” with Elex Michaelson;  NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt; NATs Podcast with 
Al Galdi and Mark Zuckerman.
April 2, 2021 – Global – 129,3000,000/2,800,000; USA – 30,400,000/550,200
• Had nice Fireside Chat with Rep. Doris Matsui.
• Am still being attacked by the far right wing including Senators (Lindsey Graham) and 
media (FOX).   Interesting that they are asking me to explain the “crisis” at the border 
when that has nothing to do with me.
• Had great interview with Neal Cavuto of FOX (see below under “Press”) in which he 
allowed me to counter all of the criticisms of people like Mark Meadows, Lindsey 
Graham, Navarro, etc.   Navarro is calling me a pathological liar saying that I had nothing 
to do with the vaccine.   He said this in response to my saying that one of the best 
choicesI made was to push ahead with Barney Graham’s collaborationwith Moderna.   
Obviously, Navarro has no idea about this and so has no idea what he is talking about
• Another important issue – Robert F. Kennedy, Jr has written a book about me entitled 
“The Real Anthony Fauci”, which will almost certainly be a slanderous book.   Am 
undecided about whether I should get lawyers involved
PRESS: NPR Morning Edition with Noel King; NBC TV Detroit with Dr. Frank 
McGeorge; White House Press briefing; Politico Podcast with Jeremy Siegel; Interview 
with Business Insider; Interview with The Guardian; FOX News with Neal Cavuto.
April 3, 2021 – Global – 129,900,000/2,800,000; USA – 30,400,000/552,800
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 681 ---
Went to a “Spring celebration” at Bob Seder’s house to observe the Cherry Blossoms at 
Kenwood.  I am a little nervous sine people were hugging and not wearing masks, although 
virtually everyone had been vaccinated.
Still lingering at ~60,000 new infections/day:
PRESS: CNN with Jim Acosta;
April 4, 2021 – Global – 130,400,000/2,800,000;  USA – 30,500,000/553,700
Things getting a bit scary.   As B.1.1.7 becomes more dominant, we re seeing surges in some 
areas with younger people (even school kids) getting infected and hospitalizations increasing in 
relatively younger people.   See below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 682 ---
Race between the vaccines (4 million shots administered yesterday!!!) and a new surge:
April 5, 2021 – Global -131,000,000/2,900,000;  USA – 30,500,000/554,100
Still putting pressure on me to switch to a single dose.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 683 ---
Mike Gerson wrote an amazing column in the Washington Post about me:
Opinion: Why tearing down Fauci is essential 
to the MAGA myth
Opinion by 
Michael Gerson
Columnist
April 5, 2021 at 4:35 p.m. EDT
MAGA political philosophy is not systematic, but it is comprehensive. Right-wing populism offers a 
distorted lens to view nearly all of life.
Through this warped lens, progress toward equal rights is actually the oppression of White people. Free 
and fair elections, when lost, are actually conspiratorial plots by the ruthless left. But perhaps the most 
remarkable distortion concerns the MAGA view of covid-19.
We have all seen the basic outlines of pandemic reality. Experts in epidemiology warned that the 
disease would spread through contact or droplets at short distances, which is how it spread. The experts 
recommended early lockdowns to keep health systems from being overwhelmed, and the lockdowns 
generally worked. The experts said Americans could influence the spread of the disease by taking basic 
measures such as mask-wearing and social distancing. The disease was controlled when people did 
these things. The disease ran rampant when they did not, killing a lot of old and vulnerable people in the 
process.
There were, of course, disagreements along the way about the length of lockdowns and the form of 
mandates. But on the whole, American citizens have witnessed one of the most dramatic vindications of 
scientific expertise in our history. We have been healthier when we listened to the experts and sicker 
when we did not.
This is the context in which the MAGA right has chosen to make Anthony S. Fauci — the director of the 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases since 1984 — the villain in their hallucinogenic 
version of pandemic history.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 684 ---
It is worth disclosing when a columnist has a personal connection to a public figure. I have known Fauci 
since I was in government during the early 2000s and watched him help create the President’s 
Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief. He is the best of public service: supremely knowledgeable, personally 
compassionate, completely nonpolitical, tenacious in the pursuit of scientific advancement and resolute 
in applying such knowledge to human betterment. He has no other ambition or agenda than the health 
of the country and world.
Yet slamming Fauci was a surefire applause line at the Conservative Political Action Conference in 
February. Former Trump administration officials continue to target him. Republican members of 
Congress vie with one another to put Fauci in his place.
For Trump officials, including Donald Trump himself, this makes perfect sense. If Fauci has been right 
about covid, then playing down the disease, mocking masks, modeling superspreader events, denying 
death tolls, encouraging anti-mandate militias and recommending quack cures were not particularly 
helpful. If Fauci has been right, they presided over a deadly debacle.
When former Trump trade adviser Peter Navarro claims that Fauci is “the father of the actual virus” or 
former chief of staff Mark Meadows complains about Fauci’s indifference to the (nearly nonexistent) 
flow of covid across the southern border, the goal is not really to press arguments. It is to create an 
alternative MAGA reality in which followers are free from the stress of truth — a safe space in which 
more than half a million people did not die and their leader was not a vicious, incompetent, delusional 
threat to the health of the nation.
Metaphorically (but only barely metaphorically), there is a body on the floor with multiple stab wounds. 
The Trump administration stands beside it with a bloody knife in its hand. It not only claims to be 
innocent. It claims there is no blood. There is no body. There is no floor.
Congressional Republicans who criticize Fauci to prove their populist manhood are even more pathetic. 
Their self-abasement is voluntary. Watching Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) debate science with Fauci during 
committee hearings is like watching Albert Einstein being disputed by his dry cleaner. Fauci is often 
reduced to making obvious points in a patient voice. Fauci deserves his Presidential Medal of Freedom 
just for his heroic forbearance.
All these critics of Fauci have chosen to attack the citadel of science at its strongest point. With squirt 
guns. While naked and blowing kazoos.
This useless exertion is somehow wrapped in the language of freedom. Freedom from the servitude of a 
piece of cloth on your face that might save your neighbor’s life. Freedom to light off fireworks below a 
potential avalanche. Freedom to store uranium in your backyard. Freedom to set fire to a crowded 
theater.
Here is the reality of covid. It is not an easy thing to persuade hundreds of millions of people who feel 
perfectly healthy to wear masks, socially distance and get a vaccine injected into their arms. Fauci is 
dedicated to these goals. Anyone who purposely undermines them is a danger to the health and safety 
of their fellow citizens.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 685 ---
Fauci is practicing epidemiology. His critics are practicing idiocy. Both are very good at their chosen 
work.
PRESS: PIX 11 TV – New York City;
April 6, 2021 – Global – 131,500,000/2,900,000; USA – 30,600,000/554,400
Had Zoom call with Pascal Soriot, CEO of AstraZeneca.   He wanted to apologize for the 
miscommunications concerning the interactions between AZ and the DSMB a couple of weeks 
ago.   He wanted my advice as to the best way forward.  I explained to him that the most 
important thing for him to do would be to wait until the United States FDA comes out with their 
EUA. This would give the AZ product the validity that he is hoping for. I also mentioned that the 
confusion associated with the mixed up dosing situation associated with the Oxford group added 
a degree of skepticism about the entire AZ product. Best thing to do is to wait to see but the FDA 
says about the product. 
We seem to be stuck at around 60,000 per day:
PRESS: ABC - Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos; MSNBC – Morning 
Joe with Joe Scarborough; National Press Club Interviews; Fox Local TV Stations
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 686 ---
April 7, 2021 – Global -132,000,000/2,900,000;  USA – 30,700,000/555,200
Terrific experience tonight – On my walk tonight with Christine through American University 
campus, on the way back we were met by throngs of American University students who illegally 
sitting on the grass enjoying themselves. In groups of three to five people they kept coming up to 
me wanting to get photographs and selfies. It was truly amazing as it went on for group after 
group after group. I must have posed for photographs with over 50 young kids from American 
University. Then, on the way down past  Al Dente restaurant where we stopped to pick up a 
pizza, customers outdoors and inside the restaurant kept coming up to me asking to be 
photographed with me. My pizza took a long time to be ready and so I must have spent 15 
minutes at the door of the restaurant allowing people mostly young kids but some adults to have 
selfies with me. The entire situation was culminated when I walked out of the restaurant with 
Andre Jacobs, my security man, and the entire population of people who are eating outdoors at 
Al Dente and Chef Geoff’s burst into a prolonged round of applause. It was really quite 
charming. Andre had gotten nervous throughout the entire situation since some people just ran 
up to me with their camera in their hand to get a selfie. Andre does not like people just running 
up to me an almost body slammed a man who meant well but who didn't realize that he had 
charged up to me. A memorable experience! 
PRESS:  CBS “This Morning” with Gayle King; White House Press Conference (I 
discussed durability of vaccine-induced response; CNN with Anderson Cooper 360;
April 8, 2021 – Global -132,700,000/2,900,000;  USA – 30,700,000/556,100
Spoke with Olive Shisana and Morena Makhoana (Biovac) about setting up capability to 
manufacturing mRNA vaccines in South Africa.   Olive claims to be the special advisor to 
President Cyril Ramaphosa of RSA.   They want me to help to get Moderna to assist RSA in the 
form of Makhoana’s company Biovac to make mRNA vaccines for RSA.
I taped my NAS remarks receiving their Public Welfare Medal.   I spoke of my relationship with 
7 Presidents including the difficult relationship with Trump.
Met virtually for our regular weekly meeting with the POTUS and VPOTUS.  Interesting 
situation.   Marcella has been quite ill with inflammation of her brain stem (acute). She was quite 
incapacitated but is now improving rapidly on corticosteroids. She actually took the zoom call 
from her rehabilitation institution. We were joking that the loudspeaker might soon say that 
visiting hours are over and the president and vice president would hear it over the zoom. In 
addition Vivek was zooming from Miami and in the middle of the discussion a Peacock outside 
his window started making noise. What a scene. 
Daily cases still going up – 74.5 million yesterday: 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 687 ---
PRESS: RAI Italian TV; France 24 TV Interview
New York Times (— Isabel Kershner) : Israel marks Holocaust Remembrance Day with 
a virtual march and remarks by Dr. Fauci.
Held virtually for a second year because of coronavirus restrictions, the event featured recorded 
remarks by two prominent figures in the battle against the coronavirus: Dr. Albert Bourla, a son 
of Holocaust survivors who is the chief executive of Pfizer, the pharmaceutical company that, 
together with BioNTech, produced a leading coronavirus vaccine; and Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the 
leading infectious disease expert in the United States.
April 9, 2021 – Global – 133,600,000/2,900,000;  USA – 30,800,000/557,100
• Bad day – Chris brought her right arm  (distal radius0 playing basketball with me for 
filming for Nat/Geo.   Happened on the last 10 seconds of playing
PRESS:   Stephen Colbert had a skit about me and “the 4th Wave” - 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb0fB13xYYg 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 688 ---
April 10, 2021 – Global – 143,300,000/2,900,000;  USA – 30,900,000/558,000
• Spoke again with Ari Emanuel and his team of Don Walker (lawyer, represents Obama 
and Clinton) and Jay Mandell (Mostly involved with books).   They just wanted to check 
in to see if IU needed anything.   I mentioned the situation with Robert F. Kennedy, Jr 
who is writing a book about me entitled “The Real Dr. Anthony Fauci”, which 
undoubtably will be a very scandalous book. Don Walker was adamant that we should do 
nothing about this since Bobby Kennedy has absolutely no credibility over the past 
several years. because of how crazy he has been acting Over the past several years. His 
strong recommendation is to just let it go. Don emphasized again how much money that I 
would be making with my lectures. I re emphasize to him that although I like the idea 
about making money, my most important goal is to do good , and that I would prefer to 
do several speeches pro bono depending upon who asks me. 
• Joan Baez will receive the Kennedy Center Award and there is a reception at the State 
Department on May 19th.   She has invited me as her guest.   What fun!   Just spoke with 
her over the phone to check if there will be mask wearing since the press will have a field 
day if they saw me with Joan and we did not have masks.
• We vaccinated 4.6 million people today
Daile cases continue to rise – 81,400:
A
A
April 11, 2021 – Global – 135,000,000/2,900,000; USA – 31,000,000/558,800
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 689 ---
Sunday -quiet day.   Catching up on writing Commencement address.
Heard during my interview with MSNBC (see below) that Trump, while on FOX with Laura 
Ingraham said I was “full of crap” and that he never listened to me.   Hasan came back on 
MSNBC and said that is why hundreds of thousands of people died, because he did not listen to 
me.  Appasrently, Trump also made this comment during a fundraiser at Mar-a-Largo where he 
sharply attacked 2 people: me and Mitch McConnell.
PRESS:  MSNBC with Mehdi Hasan;
April 12, 2021 – Global    USA
The Daily Mail in their reporting of the removal of Father Lahart from his position of President 
of Regis High School made sure to mention that I was an alumnus of the school (of course) (see 
below under Press. 
• Had a good Zoom meeting with Hon. Luigi Di Maio, Minister of Foreign Affairs and 
International Cooperation of Italy.   He is in the USA to celebrate the 160th anniversary of 
Italian relations with USA.   Good conversation.  He wanted advice of the COVID-19 
situation in Italy and Europe.   Interesting how these foreign leaders want my opinion on 
these issues that have policy as well as public health implications.
• Got call at 10:00 PM from Rochelle Walensky that the CDC and FDA had called a 
pause of the J & J vaccine due to 6 cases (all women – ages 18 to 48) of Cerebral 
Venous Sinus Thrombosis (CVST).   I died, 3 hospitalized (2 in ICU), 2 discharged.   
Events occurred from 6 to 13 days after vaccination.   CDC/FDA will do press 
conference tomorrow at 10:00 AM. 
PRESS:  Daily Mail: Jesuit priest, 59, is removed as president of Manhattan's prestigious 
Regis High School - that Dr. Fauci attended - for 'non-consensual sexual misconduct with 
adult subordinates'; BBC radio interview (2 part series) on 40th Anniversary of recognition 
of AIDS pandemic; BBC - Radio “The Today Programme”; CNN “Situation Room” with 
Wolf Blitzer. 
I have been speaking about this all the time:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 690 ---
April 13, 2021 – Global – 136,200,000/2,900,000;  USA – 31,100,000/559,700
Jeff Z. calls me at 5:46 AM telling me to clear my calendar since the WH wants me out 
there with the press.   See below – I engaged in the Jen Psaki Conference in the White 
House press room with Jeff Z.
Obviously, this is a big deal even though it is a very rare event 6 cases in 6,850,000.
I was on the Governors call with Rochelle and Jeff to explain the situation to the Governors.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 691 ---
PRESS:  White House Press Conference with Jen Psaki and Jeff Z.; CBS Evening News 
with Norah O’Donnell; NBC Evening News with Lester Holt; ABC Evening News with 
Linsey Davis; MSNBC with Chris Hayes
April 14, 2021 – Global -137,000,000/3,000,000;  USA – 31,200,000/560,600
There is a very important issue going on regarding a dispute between the vaccine Research 
Center an Moderna regarding the inventorship of the patent associated with the confirmation of 
the spike protein. For some strange reason Moderna wants to give us Co ownership of the patent 
but not inventorship of the patent. The VRC insists with good reason that we are true inventors 
of the patent. We had a conversation this morning among Francis Collins , myself , John 
Mascola, and Mark Rohrbaugh concerning any leverage that we might have over Moderna to 
pressure them in sharing the expertise of their technology with developing countries particularly 
in southern Africa. They have made a public statement that they will not interfere with any 
countries that want to use their technology. However, given the complexity of the technologies it 
is important that they pitch in and help the companies transfer the technology. Peter Staley and 
his activist friends are understandably pushing us to exert pressure on Moderna to transfer their 
technology  to the developing world. The reason why the patent issue becomes relevant here is 
that the more control we have over what Moderna does the better we will be able to pressure 
them into the above. We decided that the best approach would be for Francis Collins and I to 
have a telephone call with the CEO of Moderna , Stephane Bancel and the POresident of 
Moderna, Stephen Hoge.
Had call with Chairwoman Rosa DeLauro of the House Appropriations Committee.   She 
wants to know what I think she should do with the $6.5 billion that they want to give to ARPA-H 
that would go to NIH.   There is a fear among NIH grantees that the regular increases  that NIH 
usually receives on a yearly basis will be diminished be 'cause the Congress is now giving the 
NIH $6.5 billion for “special projects”. They were thinking of giving the NIH $2.5 billion for the 
regular appropriation plus $6.5 billion for the special projects for a total of $9 billion, which is a 
lot. I suggested to Rosa that she called some of the money off the $6.5 billion and add it to the 
regular appropriation for the NIH. She seemed OK with this.   
I had recently received a letter from senator Lindsey Graham essentially demanding that as the 
chief medical advisor to president Biden, I go down to the border and look at the difficult health 
conditions there regarding the SARS coronavirus. Subsequent to that I received a letter from 
about 8 or 9 congressmen asking me to do the same thing. In fact, in his letter to me senator 
Graham said I was neglecting my responsibility as the adviser to the president if I did not go 
down to the border and report back on the “terrible conditions” on the border. This is clearly a 
set up trying to embarrass the president. Tomorrow I testify before the house Energy and 
Commerce Select Committee on COVID-19. Two congressmen who signed the letter will be 
there. I anticipate that they will ask me the same question about going to the border. Today I 
asked Jeff Zients to ask Ron Klain and the president if it is OK for me to say that since I 
am the chief medical advisor to the president I would be happy to go to the border if the 
president ask me to. However, with all due respect I am not the adviser to the Congress but to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 692 ---
the president. I will do what he asked me to do, and again with all due respect not what the 
Congress asks me to do. Ron Klain and the president are OK with this approach.
• Got call from Jeff that the Oxford group were coming out with a paper tomorrow saying 
that in a large data base they found that mRNA vaccinbes had even more thrombosis 
than AZ.   Obviously, bullshit.   They did not look for thrombocytopenia and so the 
observation is invalid.   Also, not surprising fr the Oxford group sine their vaccine is in 
trouble and I would not be surprised if they were trying to disparage the other vaccines.
PRESS:  MSNBC – “Morning Joe” with Willie Geist; CNN “New Day” with John Berman; 
NBC “Today” with Savannah Guthrie;  White House Press Conference (regular 3x/week).  
Did 4 separate Local TV hits with Cameron Webb in Mississippi Stations
April 15, 2021 – Global – 137,900,000/3,000,000; USA – 31,200,000/561,400
Still hanging around 70,000/day:
Major clash with Rep. Jim Jordan during the House Energy and Commerce Select Committee 
on COVID-19 chaired by Jim Clyburn and Steve Scalise as Ranking Member.   Jordan did his 
usual aggressive asking me multiple questions without giving me a chance to answer.   He was 
harping on my giving him a definite date when he can get his “liberty and freedom back” that I 
was restricting him from.   I insisted that this was not a matter of liberty and freedom, but was a 
public health issue.We had a heated discussion.   I finally told him that he was “ranting”.  In 
addition, I told him that he was making this a personal issue. He denied that, but I insisted that he 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 693 ---
was indeed making it a personal issue. Finally, when his time was up he kept on talking and 
representative Maxine Waters told him to shut up. 
PRESS:  All over TV in my clash with Rep. Jordan at the E and C Hearing – CNN covered 
it extensively and Jimmy Kimmel had it in his monologue;  Reuters TV interview with Julie 
Steenhuysen;   Had conversation with member of NY Times editorial board member 
Jeneen Interlandi about 1 dose versus 2 doses.   She seemed to side with me.
April 16, 2021 – Global – 138,700,000; USA - 
• Andy Slavitt remarked how proud of me he was as he watched me respond to Jim 
Jordan.
• Fox News is attacking me abut my interchange with Jordan, BUT MSNBC is attacking 
FOX for attacking me.   Example:
• Scarborough slams Jordan for spreading 
'lies' about Fauci: 'It's sheer idiocy'
• By Cameron Jenkins - 04/16/21 11:38 AM EDT 410 
• In the Instagram with Tyra Banks (see below) she was wonderful.   People who wrote 
comments were 95% positive, but some were really mean and vicious statements about 
me and Tyra.   One person said that Tyra was sexy, but I was even more sexy than she 
was.   She read it and put a big smile on her face and said that she agreed with that but 
then beautifully and gently shot this down by saying:   “Dr. Fauci, that is true and my 
mother is in love with you” .   Zing 😊
PRESS: Veja Magazine (Brazil) – reporter – Julia Teixeira Braun; Facebook – “Now This” 
with Zinhie Essamuah; Instagram with Tyra Banks (she was absolutely fabulous); MSNBC 
“Reid Out” with Joy Reid;
April 17, 2021 – Global – 139,500,000/3,000,000; USA – 31,400,000/563,200
Cases continue to creep up in certain states (>35).
Had nice dinner over Ellen Sigal’s home with Diana DeGette, Chair of the House Energy and 
Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.
Dana Bash sent me a text:   “I just watched the whole Jordan thing.   Again, you’re a better man 
than I….    As our friend Wolf Blitzer said to me yesterday – no one would have blamed you if 
you said simply “Mr. Jordan, go f--- yourself”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 694 ---
PRESS:   Had another of several interviews at home with Mark Manucci for the PBS 
Masters Documentary
April 18, 2021 – Global – 140,300,000/3,000,000; USA – 31,400,000/564,000
• David Axelrod sent me a text saying that his wife Susan says that I look 10 years younger 
since the change of administrations. 
• I received a text from Dana Bash pointing out that Vanity Fair recently had a headline 
that said: Jim Jordan trips over his own asshole trying to debate Anthony Fauci. 
PRESS: ABC This Week with Martha Raddatz; NBC  Meet the Press with Chuck Todd; 
CBS Face the Nation with Margaret Brennan; CNN State of the Union with Dana Bash; 
MSNBC The Sunday Show with Jonathan Capehart;
April 19, 2021 – Global – 141,100,000/3,000,000; USA – 31,500,000;564,300
Today is the day (April 19) when the POTUS said that everyone 16 years of age and older is now 
eligible to receive a vaccine.   No more restrictions to priority groups
• Kate Berner sent me a note saying that I was “outstanding” at the White House pressor.
• I get a lot of FOIA requests regarding my financial statements as well as regarding text 
messages , written correspondence, and phone calls . These are clearly directed at trying 
to catch me at something usually from conspiracy theorists but also from Republican 
operatives. The most recent FOIA requests have been for any text messages between me 
and Susan Rice, Ron Klain, Anita Dunn, and Kate Bendingfield. The most recent one has 
come from the Republican National Committee in the person of Nicholas Erickson. 
Clearly, I have become a prime target of the Trump Republicans 
• Had great conversation with Amb. Katherine Tai who is the US Trade 
Representative. The ambassador was extremely excited about partnering with me in 
trying to get a waver of the patent restrictions for the production of vaccines by the 
developing nations. She is also very well aware that the important issue is to transfer the 
technology and the expertise even after the wave it has occurred. I had mentioned to her 
that I would soon meet with the CEO of moderna to try to get him to cooperate and 
transferring this technology. We left it that we shall get back together after she does some 
work on this problem.  In the arena of small world things, the ambassador mentioned to 
me that her mother was a scientist here at NIH and that she is a child was put Into the 
NIH daycare center. I believe that I will get along very well with her.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 695 ---
PRESS: NPR -Morning Edition with Rachel Martin; CBS “This Morning” TV with Tony 
Dokoupil; Rickey Smiley Radio; Enrique Santos Show (TV); The Morning Hustle Show” 
(Radio) with Headrack; White House Press Briefing; did loal TV hits in Indianapolis, 
Jacksonville, FL, and Birmingham, AL; Australian ABC News Radio
April 20, 2021 – Global   USA
Maybe coming down a bit:
• I was on the governor’s call today.   One of the questions that came up today was why we 
still have a mask mandate for outdoors.   I agree that this is a problem.   Rochelle 
answered that CDC is re-examining this issue.   I feel that we should obviously say that if 
a person is out alone outside, they do not need to wear a mask.
• Important issue brought to my attention regarding potential far right wing coming 
after me.  
It appears that a few of the far right grantees of NIAID are joining with the radical right 
wing people in the public as well as people in the Congress such as congressman Jim 
Jordan and Senator Rand Paul to try and connect me with the virus from WUHAN. In 
fact, David Morens has heard that these people are trying to “bring me down” .. They are 
saying that I deliberately worked with the Chinese together with Peter Daszak to create a 
virus that would be released to the world. This sounds very much like a way-out 
conspiracy theory, which it is. However, there are enough crazy people around to make 
this a problem. I am going to arrange for a phone call with David in order to determine 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 696 ---
more details as to what is going on. It is my suspicion that some of these so-called NIAID 
grantees are Imperiale and Rich Ebright.  They have been complaining about gain of 
function research for years. They have even publicly made the claim that when they 
speak against anything that I want I will prevent them from getting their grants. 
Everybody knows that this is absolutely preposterous, but they in fact are preposterous. 
Let us see if in fact these are the villains. 
PRESS:   BBC Radio – 2nd installation of a story that BBC is doing on the history of 
HIV/AIDS;  Columbia TV -NTN 24;  Instagram with Aidan Galassetti
April 21, 2021 – Global   USA
Cases back up again a bit – 57,000:
Had an important call without colleagues in South Africa another southern African 
countries to discuss the possibility of conducting a clinical trial with the moderna m RNA 
vaccine.  The issue is that they are in desperate need of a vaccine since the AZ vaccine does not 
work against the variant B.1.351. In addition, the J&J vaccine that appears to do well against the 
South African variant will not be ready for at least several months and there is a window of 
opportunity to do a clinical trial with a delayed placebo crossover on 14,000 people. The issue is 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 697 ---
that the South Africans particularly Glenda Gray and Linda GAIL Becker need to show that the  
mRNA vaccine is effective in South Africa particularly among persons living with HIV. David 
Kessler who will be key in getting the product to South Africa was on the zoom. I feel that this is 
definitely worthwhile doing since if we can prove that the mRNA vaccine works in South Africa, 
then Glenda feels that they can convince the African countries to make a major investment in 
buying the mRNA vaccine. On the phone call were the following :  Glenda Gray, Linda-Gail 
Bekker, Philip Kotze, Mike Chirenje, Tulio de Oliveira, Larry Corey, David Kessler, Emilio 
Emini, Cliff Lane, John Mascola, Carl Dieffenbach, Emily Erbelding, among others.
Beautiful situation of my impact on an autistic child.   See attachment:
399065 Kirkland #2 
corr.pdf
• I presented nomination of Barney Graham to NAS Section 44.  Bob Gallo made a random and 
completely unnecessary potentially negative comment about Barney while presenting another 
candidate (Ray Schinazi)
Hello, my name is Nicholas Wilson and I am a senior at Arizona State University studying 
history, Political science, and education. 
This year has been tough, but I got the vaccine. I wanted to thank Dr Fauci for all his hard work 
and to commemorate this modern marvel I got a tattoo. I hope you enjoy. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 698 ---
PRESS: Hispanic TV hits: Despierta America; Actualidad Radio – Juan Gomez and 
Roberto Rodriguez (South Florida); CNN Newsroom with Victor Blackwell; NBC TV – 
Dallas with Julie Fine;
April 22, 2021-  Global    USA
Note the difference in mask mandates between the red and blue states:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 699 ---
• I participated in an iPC meeting today chaired by Beth Cameron of the National 
Security Council. The purpose of the meeting was to figure out how we could ask for 
$30 billion for pandemic preparedness and put it into the American Jobs Plan bill. The 
NIH had put in a proposal through HHS of close to $30 billion for our needs alone. There 
appears to have been some confusion as to the fact that HHS did not send down our 
request to the NSC in time for inclusion in the NSC document that was being discussed at 
the meeting. This led to a lot of running around on my part and on the part of Francis 
Collins and Larry Tabak to figure out how we can get our request properly represented in 
the discussion. It seemed to have worked out OK as I together with Eric Lander made a 
presentation to the IPC that indicated the broad scope of our needs without necessarily 
mentioning the budget. It was one of those times where you walk in the morning and find 
out that you have to do something that nobody told you about until one hour before you 
had to do it. I refer to my need to make a presentation on behalf of the NIH to the IPC. 
•
• Did a Fireside chat with the American College of Physicians. The chat was chaired by 
Dorilyn Moyer.   In addition, I was presented with the 2021 Boyle award from the 
American College of Physicians. To illustrate how flooded I am with things , I had no 
idea I was being awarded the Joseph F. Boyle award and I had to make comments 
accepting the award. I had to quickly scramble to get Kim to go on the Internet and find 
out just what the Joseph F. Boyle award is. As it turns out it is an award bestowed upon a 
current or former government official who has provided outstanding public service to 
improving the delivery of health care. Again, I am running at such an amazingly fast pace 
that I do not know what I am about to do until I sit in front of the zoom and do it. 
• Met by Zoom with POTUS and VPOTUS for our regular weekly update.
PRESS: KSNV- TV – Las Vegas with Jeff Gillian;  KABC - TV – Los Angeles with Denise 
Dador; KCBS Radio – San Francisco with Mike DeWald
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 700 ---
April 23, 2021 – Global – 144,400,000/3,100,000; USA – 31,700,000/567,400
Still plateauing, but the 7-day average is slightly down (~10%):
Presented before the Lasker Board with Elia Zerhouni, Peggy Hamburg, Al Reese, Joe Goldstein 
and I mentioned when they said I was their hero, that I was also a “target” for some.   They 
immediately said “We have you back”.   Important in light of the antipathy of many against me.
PRESS:  White House Press Conference;  Online – TV - The Birmingham News; Huntsville 
Times and Mobile Press-Register with Ivana Hrynkiw; MSNBC with Ayman Mohyeldin; 
PBS Newshour with Judy Woodruff; MSNBC Town Hall with Alicia Mendez and Rep. 
Raul Ruiz
April 24, 2021 – Global – 145,200,000/3,100,000; USA – 31,800,000/568,200
Real crazy anti-Fauci stuff going on. Two authors named Steve Deace and Todd Erzen wrote a 
book about me entitled “Faucian Bargain” - The most powerful and dangerous bureaucrat in 
American history. It is a cheap paperback of 179 pages which I will not even read but it contains 
the same sort of nonsense that the other conspiracy theorists have been saying about me. It is 
really getting worse and worse in the number of crazy people who are buying into this 
conspiracy theory and so now we have the book by Robert F Kennedy junior and this book by 
these two guys as well as a number of right wing columnists such as Josh Rogin , as well as 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 701 ---
multiple commentators on Fox News who spend much of their time making me out to be the 
worst villain in the world and or trying to discredit me. 
Had important meeting with Jeff Zients, David Kessler, Francis Collins, Car Dieffenbach, 
Natalie Quillian, Dina Halme, Lauren ….  To discuss the $3.15 billion for the COVID-19 anti-
viral program.  There was considerable concern on our part that we would not be getting the 
full amount of money for this very important program to develop antiviral drugs for COVID-19. 
Omb has indicated that they may use some of that money for the purchase of booster doses for 
the vaccine program. We called this meeting together in order to get Jeff to support the fact that 
this is an incredibly important program for the current and future pandemics. Carl describe the 
program very well and I believe that we have convinced Jeff to strongly support us. See below 
power for a detailed description with slides:  
We still are doing pretty well against the current variants with regard to our vaccines;
Eric Topol’s take on Variants:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 702 ---
India is exploding with cases with the new variant B.1.617 (see below):
We have a serious problem of optics regarding our not sending to needy countries any of 
the AZ doses of vaccine at the same time as we have a greatest supply than demand right 
now. There is growing sentiment throughout the developing world at the United states is being 
unethical and amoral in not giving away doses of vaccine from AZ that we know we will never 
use. This is particularly the case with India that is really exploding with infections.   The are now 
having >300,000 infections per day.  One can say that you cannot do this since AZ has only been 
approved under an EUA. However, there are certainly ways that we can get around this. The 
bottom line is that we are looking very bad in the eyes of the low and middle income countries. I 
will continue to bring this up to Jeff Zients and other leadership.  In fairness to our position, we 
do not really have a lot of doses of AZ vaccine hang around unused. Novovax does not come 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 703 ---
online until around June, and so the argument that we want to secure enough doses for ourselves 
including boosters can be defensible. Unquestionably, this is a very difficult situation.  
Amazing, but Vivek called me right after I wrote this with the same feeling as expressed above.  
We tried to get a meeting with Vivek, me, Rochelle, and Jeff to discuss how we are going to 
handle the situation with regard to India , particularly on the Sunday TV shows that Vivek and I 
will be on tomorrow. Unfortunately, Jeff could not squeeze in a meeting. 
PRESS:   Huffington Post:
Anthony Fauci Delivers Short, Sharp 
Shutdown Of GOP Senator’s Vaccine 
Doubt Bluster
April 25, 2021 – Global  - 146,100,000/3,100,000; USA – 31,800,000/569,000
We had an important zoom talk at 11:00 AM today with Jeff , me, Rochelle, Natalie, 
and Vivek regarding our response to the crisis in India. See above. Jeff is sensitive to 
our concerns and indicated that Jake Sullivan in NSC is already involved in sending 
materials to India including filters for vaccine production, oxygen supplies, ventilators, 
therapeutics such as remdesivir and favipiravir, sedation meds, test kits, and PPE. I 
brought up the fact that the real issue is sending our doses of the AZ vaccine that we 
now have on the shelf. The issue is that we keep saying that we will do this when we are 
confident that we will be able to vaccinate all Americans. However, this is somewhat 
contradictory since we have already publicly said that we have enough vaccine from 
Moderna and Pfizer to vaccinate everyone in the country who needs to be vaccinated. 
And so, it is clear that we're not going two need the AZ vaccine. Thus, why not send it 
off to India and other countries as soon as possible? Jeff and Natalie agreed and we will 
push this agenda soon. 
Release today! - National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan spoke by phone today with 
National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, expressing deep sympathy for the people of India 
following the recent spike in COVID-19 cases. Mr. Sullivan affirmed America’s solidarity with 
India, the two countries with the greatest number of COVID-19 cases in the world. Building on 
the seven-decade health partnership between the United States and India —including battles 
against smallpox, polio, and HIV — they resolved that India and the United States will continue 
to fight the global COVID-19 pandemic together. Just as India sent assistance to the United 
States as our hospitals were strained early in the pandemic, the United States is determined to 
help India in its time of need.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 704 ---
To this end, the United States is working around the clock to deploy available resources and 
supplies. The United States has identified sources of specific raw material urgently required for 
Indian manufacture of the Covishield vaccine that will immediately be made available for India. 
To help treat COVID-19 patients and protect front-line health workers in India, the United States 
has identified supplies of therapeutics, rapid diagnostic test kits, ventilators, and Personal 
Protective Equipment (PPE) that will immediately be made available for India. The United States 
also is pursuing options to provide oxygen generation and related supplies on an urgent basis. 
The U.S. Development Finance Corporation (DFC) is funding a substantial expansion of 
manufacturing capability for BioE, the vaccine manufacturer in India, enabling BioE to ramp up 
to produce at least 1 billion doses of COVID-19 vaccines by the end of 2022. Additionally, the 
United States is deploying an expert team of public health advisors from the Center for Disease 
Control (CDC) and USAID to work in close collaboration with the U.S. Embassy, India’s health 
ministries, and India’s Epidemic Intelligence Service staff. USAID will also quickly work with 
CDC to support and fast-track the mobilization of emergency resources available to India 
through the Global Fund.
I had an important zoom meeting today with Larry Corey an Emilio Emini about 
the same subject as above  , namely, how the United states can play a major proactive 
role in getting mRNA vaccines to the developing world. In our discussion, it became 
clear that there are immediate needs as mentioned above; however, there is also the 
immediate need of getting vaccine doses to lower and middle income countries. The 
United states could exert leadership in pressuring Moderna and Pfizer to scale up their 
vaccine production and sell it two developing nations at cost for production which is 
approximately $6 per dose as compared to the $30 produced that we are currently 
paying here in the developed world. Apparently there are liability issues that the 
pharmaceutical companies are concerned with. These revolve around the fact that 
although the United States government can indemnify the companies against lawsuits 
here in the United states the companies feel that they are liable to being sued for 
adverse outcomes by people in the countries to whom they're providing vaccine. Some 
mechanism needs to be worked out to address this concern. I have asked Emilio and 
Larry to put a one pager together summarizing our discussion so that I can bring it to 
Jeff who could bring it to Ron Klain who could bring it to the president. More later. 
Breakthrough infections are very rare:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 705 ---
Front page of the Washington Post had a major article on the drastic situation in India 
and reported on the universal criticism there is of the United states in not doing 
something about it right now. I will be on ABC This Week with George Stephanopoulos 
this morning and will likely get asked questions about India. 
More studies showing that vaccines dramatically diminish asymptomatic infection and 
so great er argument for not needing to wear masks following vaccination:
PRESS:  ABC “The Week” with George Stephanopoulos; CNN – Weekend Prime 
Time with Jim Acosta; NYT: Fauci and other top U.S. health officials stress the 
urgency of vaccinations and their safety. https://nyti.ms/3dPn1ms
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 706 ---
 Phenomenal article in the Sunday New York Times  about me by Frank Bruni:
Opinion
So Anthony Fauci Isn’t Perfect. He’s Closer 
Than Most of Us.
We owe him gratitude, not grief.
By Frank Bruni
The phrases “public servant” and “public service” are exhausted to the point of meaninglessness. 
They’re tics. They roll off politicians’ tongues as readily as requests for money, suggesting that adulation 
and power aren’t the more potent draws to elected office. They’re invoked in regard to other 
government workers, as if decent paychecks and generous pensions weren’t a significant lure.
But if anyone ever deserved to be described in those terms, it’s Anthony Fauci. That was true before the 
coronavirus. It’s truer now — despite the times when he has revised his message on how to deal with it, 
despite assessments of the pandemic that didn’t bear out and despite Republicans’ efforts to use all of 
that to turn him into some bespectacled Beelzebub.
Shocker of shockers: Fauci isn’t perfect. But he has been perfectly sincere, perfectly patient, a 
professional standing resolutely outside so many of the worst currents of American life. More than that, 
he has been essential. We owe him an immeasurable debt of gratitude, not the mind-boggling 
magnitude of grief that he gets.
If anything, that grief has grown more intense of late. It was on garish display during a House hearing 
just over a week ago, when Representative Jim Jordan, doing a fan dance for Fox News, tore into Fauci 
as a doomsday addict less intent on saving people’s lives than on scrapping people’s liberties.
“Dr. Fauci, when is the time?” Jordan, an Ohio Republican, asked, meaning the moment when we can all 
start behaving as if nobody’s getting infected or dying anymore. (For the record, on a given day, more 
than 60,000 Americans are still testing positive for the coronavirus and an average of 700 lose their lives 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 707 ---
to Covid-19.) “In your written statement, you say now is not the time to pull back on masking, physical 
distancing and avoiding congregate settings. When is the time? When do Americans get their freedom 
back?”
Jordan noted angrily that “15 days of ‘slow the spread’ turned into one year of lost liberty.” He made 
that sound like Fauci’s fault, when the truth is that if more people, including Jordan and many of his 
constituents, had taken the “slow the spread” period more seriously, the year that followed it would 
probably have been much less brutal and significantly less deadly. But they were often too busy railing 
against Fauci to reform their own conduct.
Jordan isn’t some grandstanding outlier. He’s an emblem and instrument of widespread fury within his 
party, where the demonization of Fauci hasn’t just survived Donald Trump’s presidency but 
metastasized since its end.
Frank Bruni’s Newsletter: Get a more personal take on politics, newsmakers and more with Frank’s 
exclusive commentary every week.
“Fauci” was a dirty word uttered from the stage of the Conservative Political Action Conference in 
Florida in February. “Fauci” is a dirty word prevalent in conservative publications. In Breitbart News 
several days ago, Fauci was dismissively referred to as America’s top “public health celebrity.” “Fauci 
Fallacies at All-Time High” was a recent headline in The Washington Free Beacon. In the span of one 
week this month, National Review published articles titled “Anthony Fauci Has Worn Out His Welcome,” 
“Anthony Fauci’s Misadventures in Fortune-Telling” and “Another Dismal Sunday-Show Circuit for Dr. 
Fauci.”
Just a few days ago in The Washington Post, Dan Diamond mentioned Fauci antipathy in the opening 
paragraph of a report about people who refuse to get vaccinations against the coronavirus. The message 
from one focus group of such people, he noted, was that “if you’re trying to win over skeptics, show us 
anyone besides Dr. Fauci.”
Philip Bump, one of Diamond’s colleagues at The Post, correctly observed that “Fauci has become what 
Trump always wanted him to be: the scapegoat for unpopular government recommendations.”
But it’s even bigger and weirder than that. “He doesn’t work for us,” the writer Naomi Wolf said on Fox 
News on Monday, referring to Fauci and reacting to a $1 million prize given to him by a philanthropy in 
Israel as a recognition of his, yes, public service. She cast the money as evidence that he was “so 
conflicted” and not sufficiently guided by concern for the “public health of the American people.”
There’s a lot of this out there, and all of it is out there. We live in times that are viciously partisan and 
oratorically sloppy — but Fauci is neither.
He’s consistently cool, answering the rants of Jordan and others with expert insights and logical 
analyses.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 708 ---
He’s generally cautious, and the people constructing scorecards of his correct and incorrect predictions 
disingenuously conflate him with Oscar-pool contestants placing bets on best supporting actress. Fauci 
wasn’t making wagers, wasn’t saying sooths. He was giving his best educated guesses, based on what 
was knowable at that juncture. His guesses evolved as his — and our — education improved. Informed 
guidance like his is better than no guidance at all, and information isn’t static.
Over three and a half decades as the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, 
Fauci, now 80, has advised and earned the trust of Republican and Democratic presidents. He managed 
somehow to correct Trump and yet not be replaced with a sycophant who would have fed the former 
president’s delusions and further endangered Americans’ lives.
That’s more than public service. That’s magic. And he was thanked for it with death threats, issued not 
just to him but also to his family, and with a piece of mail that, when he opened it, sprayed an 
unidentified white powder all over him. He sat there covered in it while a hazardous materials team 
swept in.
“My wife and my children were more disturbed than I was,” he told The Times’s Donald McNeil in an 
interview in January. “I looked at it somewhat fatalistically. It had to be one of three things: A hoax. Or 
anthrax, which meant I’d have to go on Cipro for a month. Or if it was ricin, I was dead, so bye-bye.”
Why didn’t he say bye-bye to this awful role and the nonstop vitriol, given how much he’d contributed 
to the country from the AIDS epidemic onward and given that most 80-year-olds like him are taking it 
just a tad easier?
“I always felt that if I did walk away, the skunk at the picnic would no longer be at the picnic,” he told 
McNeil, referring to his ability to challenge the happy talk of Trump administration officials who wanted 
simply to wish the coronavirus away. “Even if I wasn’t very effective in changing everybody’s minds, the 
idea that they knew that nonsense could not be spouted without my pushing back on it, I felt was 
important. I think in the big picture, I felt it would be better for the country.”
He felt correctly. That assessment would be self-aggrandizing only if it weren’t true, just as his many 
media interviews would smack of preening if there weren’t such clear educational purpose to them. The 
key to his temperament — and to the greater measure of humility than of hubris in it — lies in how, 
even now, he talks about Trump. Although Fauci has ample cause for venom, there’s little trace of it in 
his words. He faults Trump without mocking him. That shows a discipline that’s rare. I never achieved it.
Sure, Fauci won a $1 million prize, but he didn’t agitate for it, and there isn’t a doubt in my mind that 
during many points over the years, he could have left government for the private sector, traded on his 
stature and connections, and become an exponentially wealthier man. He refrained from that as surely 
as he has from the pettiness that most of the rest of us can’t resist.
“He has no other ambition or agenda than the health of the country and world,” wrote the Washington 
Post columnist Michael Gerson, who, as a senior official in the George W. Bush administration, became 
acquainted with Fauci.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 709 ---
I understand — and personally feel — any American’s frustrations with the continued caveats regarding 
masks and gatherings and such. But it’s Fauci’s mandate to urge the safest possible behavior. I 
understand how maddening it can be to get different answers at different times. But uncertainty is the 
nature of this beast.
I don’t understand the rage at a remarkable public servant, and I’ll let Gerson have the last words on 
that. “Fauci is practicing epidemiology,” he wrote. “His critics are practicing idiocy. Both are very good at 
their chosen work.”
April 26, 2021 – Global – 146,800,000/3,100,000; USA – 31,900,000/569,300
I had an interesting conversation with Vivek late last night. He called me up after we had a 
meeting with Jeff and the medical team concerning the guidelines that the CDC was about to put 
out regarding the wearing of masks outdoors as well as indoors in vaccinated versus 
unvaccinated people. Vivek was concerned about something that I had been concerned about for 
a long period of time. That is the CDC often puts things out that none of us can really adequately 
defend because it is either unclear or just does not make any sense. This is exactly what 
happened last night when Rochelle presented a color-coded guideline that no one could really 
understand . Yet, the CDC was about to put it out. To her credit, Rochelle ran it by the medical 
team.  Rochelle is in a difficult position since she is new in the job and is reluctant the contradict 
her team which has been in place for decades. That is really the fundamental problem of the 
CDC. For as long as anyone can remember they are isolated in Atlanta, are extremely arrogant, 
and are offended if anyone on the outside asks to see their material before they actually put it 
out. They are very close-to-the-vest.  I have known this for some time as have my colleagues 
here at NIH. However, it is interesting and in some respects gratifying that Vivek has now picked 
that up on his own and fully realizes the problem. 
• Did Town Hall with the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health led by Sam Baker of 
Axios and included Mary Bassett, Karen DeSalvo, Garth Graham, and Michael Mina
• Did Principal’s meeting with Cabinet.
Had a wonderful zoom session with President Obama - I was on a zoom one on one 
discussion with President Obama for the purpose of encouraging people to get vaccinated. He 
was his typical engaging and highly intelligent self. Similar to what my experience was when he 
was in the White House, he had a perfect grasp of all of the details surrounding vaccines. It just 
reminded me of what an incredible person he is and what an amazing president he was. We joked 
around a lot about what I had gone through over the last year. I even mentioned to him that 
during an interview with some of the sports reporters I had mentioned that if I went one on one 
with him in basketball even though he is very tall and has a great jump shot, I still would be able 
to dribble around him since I'm so fast. He started to laugh and said that I better stop talking 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 710 ---
trash to him because now he's mad and if we ever get to play together he'll block every one of 
my shots. The interview was really a terrific experience. 
PRESS:  Newsy TV Interview with Kellan Howell;  NBC TV interview with Lester Holt for 
the Aspen Institute Online; 
April 27, 2021 – Global – 147,500,000/3,100,000; USA – 31,900,000/569,800
Coming down.   2nd day in a row in the 30s:
PRESS:  Sanjay Gupta podcast; IAS Podcast on 40 years of HIV; White House Press 
Conference (spoke on variants); WTOP Radio with Megan Cloherty; NY Times Editorial 
Board;  NPR – “All Things Considered” with Mary Louise Kelly; Windy City Times 
interview – 40 years of HIV; Interview for Research!America with Opray Winfrey; 
MSNBC with Chris Hayes;
April 28, 2021 – Global -148,300,000/3,100.000;  USA – 32,000,000/570,400
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 711 ---
Letter to Dr. Collins from Republican Congressmen Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Brett Guthrie, 
and Morgan Griffith asking many questions about the origin of SRAS-Cov-2.   Clearly trying to 
dig up dirt and implicate the NIH in collaborating with the Chinese leading somehow (???) to the 
release or escape of SARS-CoV-2 from the Wuhan lab:
SKM_C754e2104280
6490.pdf
I am starting to put much more pressure publicly on pushing for a global response to the 
pandemic by urging us to help low and middle income countries with focus now on Indias.  See 
today’s Washington Post: 
Covid-19 live updatesGlobal pandemic 
needs a more global response, Fauci says, 
amid record-breaking deaths in India
Latest: How to access the risks of returning to the gym
The Fauci “thing” is as thick as ever:
• Francis and I were on a Zoom call with Stephane Bancell (CEO of Moderna) and Stephen 
Hose (President of Moderna).   We discussed two things: the fact that we felt that 
Moderna should be doing more to provide vaccine for low and middle income countries. 
We wanted them to help out by transferring their technology two nations such as Senegal 
, Ethiopia, and countries in South America in order to allow those countries to make 
vaccines for themselves. They felt that this is something that they would likely do but that 
it would take at least two years for those countries to stand up their plants even if the 
technology was transferred. Their idea was a two-pronged approach. First, they are 
ramping up their capability of producing vaccine and by the end of 2022 they feel that 
they will be able to produce a total of 3 billion doses. They would be happy to make 
those doses available at a lower tiered price to the developing world. In addition, they 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 712 ---
agreed that they would participate in a longer range plan to transfer technology 2 low and 
middle income countries to make their own vaccine. In addition, Frances and I spoke 
about the patent dispute between the NIAID Vaccine Research Center and Moderna.  The 
story is that the lawyers of Moderna feel that the VRC people such as Barney Graham an 
others technically should not be inventors on the patent for the discovery of the vaccine. 
We strongly disagree with that an as a matter of fact so do Stephane and Stephen.  they 
realize that it is unfair to exclude us from the patent; also it would be a public relations 
disaster for them if they excluded us. They promised that they would get this resolved 
soon. 
              It is clear that Pfizer can do the same thing. In fact, Pfizer can likely produce 3 billion 
doses by the end of this year and even more next year . If this is possible which I believe that it 
is, then we could probably vaccinate the entire world that wants to be vaccinated within the next 
year and a half. 
PRESS:  NBC “Today” with Savannah Guthrie; CNN with Jim Sciutto;
Wall Street Journal – Robbie Whelan - Vaccines Appear to 
Be Slowing Spread of Covid-19 
Infections
With more than 37% of U.S. adults fully vaccinated, Anthony Fauci 
expects case numbers to drop significantly
April 29, 2021 – Global -149,200,000/3,100,000; USA – 32,000,000/571,300
MMWR:
Linked Clusters of SARS-CoV-2 Variant B.1.351 
— Maryland, January–February 2021
Back up again to 53,000/day:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 713 ---
• Did a zoom podcast interview with Quinn Bradlee (son of Sally Quinn and the late Ben 
Bradlee).   He is disabled and Sally asked me to do this.   I could not refuse since I 
admired Ben so much and he was always so gracious and kind to Chris and me.  He was 
so excited to have the opportunity to interview me.
Important Issue: Francis Collins forwarded an email to me (see below )which triggered 
a concern about whether the Indian variant – B.1.617 was resistant two antibodies induced by 
vaccines. I forwarded this email to the medical team including Jeff Zients and Rochelle 
Walensky.  Rochelle called me up and mentioned that her colleagues in Boston including those 
at the Broad Institute as well as Dan Barouch were finding that the Indian variant could be very 
problematic with regard to its resistance to vaccine induced antibodies. In addition, I spoke with 
Bob Seder and the work that he has been doing with monkeys also indicates that B.1.617  could 
be very problematic. Then, Jeff Zients called me up together with Natalie Quillian and feels that 
we should call a temporary halt on travel from India until we sought this out and based on the 
information that I sent him. This is a critical decision since if we don't block travel from India 
and things look bad later on we will be sharply criticized for not doing so. However , if we do 
block travel, there will be those who criticize us for doing so. This is very similar to the 
deliberations that we had during the Trump administration regarding China, the Eu and the UK.
SEE E-MAILS BELOW starting with the e-mail that I sent to the medical team of 
Walensky, Vivek, Bechara, Slavitt, Zients, Nunez-Smith.  (Rochelle subsequently 
forwarded it to Dawn O’Connell at HHS)
Team:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 714 ---
    Please see e-mail below from Dr. Venkatachalam to Francis Collins.   Although 
this is still at the level of anecdote, I am hearing from people who are doing 
studies in vitro that the B.1.617 variant is at least as concerning as the 
B.1.351.   We should discuss this at our next meeting.
Best,
Tony
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive 
information.  It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient.  If you 
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any 
other storage devices.  The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not 
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on 
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.  
From: Collins, Francis (NIH/OD) [E] <
collinsf@od.nih.gov> 
Sent: Thursday, April 29, 2021 5:56 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>; Lane, Cliff (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<clane@niaid.nih.gov>; Mascola, John (NIH/VRC) [E] <jmascola@mail.nih.gov>; Erbelding, Emily 
(NIH/NIAID) [E] <emily.erbelding@nih.gov>; Wholley, David (FNIH) [T] <dwholley@fnih.org>; Menetski, 
Joseph (FNIH) [T] <jmenetski@fnih.org>
Subject: FW: Concerning news about the B.1.617 variant from India and your view
More concerns about B.1.617 and the effectiveness of vaccines.
From: Venkatachalam, Sundar (NIH/NCI) [E] <sundar.venkatachalam@nih.gov> 
Sent: Thursday, April 29, 2021 4:53 AM
To: Collins, Francis (NIH/OD) [E] <collinsf@od.nih.gov>
Subject: Concerning news about the B.1.617 variant from India and your view
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 715 ---
Dear Dr. Collins,
I hope this message finds you and your family well.  I wanted to bring to your attention about a public 
health like message circulating among the Indian diaspora in the New Jersey area. Apparently, parents 
visiting from India who tested negative before their flight in India have come down with Covid (the 
message claims it is the B.1.617 variant from India) after 10 days.  They have also visited a variety of get 
togethers, temples before the symptoms arose.  This variant was detected in the Bay Area earlier this 
month and the CNBC article quotes Dr. Pinsky from Stanford saying that the variant may be a challenge.
More concerning is the news from a friend of mine from Texas who says that two IT professionals who 
had both their shots in the US were visiting India to take care of their parents (infected with Covid). 
Unfortunately, the vaccinated IT professionals have died of Covid. He has promised to provide details as 
I have been skeptic of social media posts without backing.  NPR also had a story yesterday that said 37 
vaccinated doctors in Delhi have come down with Covid in New Delhi but did not say anything about 
their condition.
As you already know that the daily caseload reported in India during the past 4-5 days has been ~200 to 
300K  and is probably closer to half a million or a million given the infrastructure and access to 
health.  Even as early as last year I have suspected the numbers from India were being manipulated (see 
attached PDF) while looking at the Worldometer Covid update site.  Sadly, I am speaking of the country I 
was born in and grew up- but cannot relate to or understand her values anymore.
I was wondering if we are running the risk of another wave of infection in the US as hundreds (if not 
thousands) are flying between the US and India daily.  I see that ~30% of the US population is fully 
vaccinated as of today and 43% have received a single shot -an enormous success by any rate in this 
short period.  However, is it a risk, as we relax the guidelines in the US while allowing new variants enter 
and circulate in the community with more than half the population yet to be vaccinated?  
We have come this far and I really hope this sad episode does not repeat again.  Sadly, there are folks 
within and outside our country who are waiting to use any opportunity to blame NIH/science and our 
president.   I have lost sleep thinking of it since I saw the news circulating and thought that you or Dr. 
Fauci could provide an answer. I apologize for this long email.  
Sincerely,
Sundar
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 716 ---
Sundar Venkatachalam, Ph.D.
Chief, Preclinical Therapeutics Grants Branch
Developmental Therapeutics Program
Division of Cancer Treatment & Diagnosis
National Cancer Institute
sundarv@nih.gov
BioNTech chief confident Covid jab will work on 
variant found in India 
VISIT TO BALTIMORE WITH VP HARRIS - Today I went to Baltimore at the invitation of 
Vice President Harris to accompany her to the M&T Bank stadium where the Baltimore Ravens 
football team plays. The stadium has served as a mega hub and mass vaccination site for the 
administration of vaccines in the city of Baltimore. It was a delightful trip strengthening my 
relationship with the vice president. She was her usual delightful self and as we walked through 
multiple sections of the indoor component of the stadium, we passed hundreds of people: people 
waiting to be vaccinated by the hundreds; people already vaccinated being observed; national 
guard who are helping with the vaccinations; and a wide array of sections of people vaccinating , 
entering information into a computer, and  a pharmacy dispensing the vaccine. As we walked 
through the different sections people equally screamed out “we love you Doctor Fauci” and “we 
love you Vice President Harris. We stopped dozens of times to take selfies with a whole variety 
of people. The vice president was genuinely pleased to see the attention paid to me as well as to 
her. She is a real winner.    
PRESS:  NBC interview with Heid Przybyla on the role of the VP in outreach to promote 
the uptake of vaccines; Italian TV La7 News; much press related to the visit to the VP to 
Baltimore.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 717 ---
Axios - Joe Rogan walks back anti-vaccination 
comments
April 30, 2021 - Global – 150,100,000/3,200,000; USA - 32,100,000/572,200
We shut down travel from India – See above.   Travel from India will cease for all non-USA 
citizens.   Will start on Tuesday May 4.   I am concerned that by delaying the actual shutting 
down we will be faced with the same situation that we faced with China and the European 
Union. In those circumstances there was a rush of people trying to get to the United states who 
are noncitizens, and so a large number of people who were likely infected in fluxed to this 
country.   
• Senator Lindsey Graham has written 2 letters to me telling me that I must go to the 
border and see the seriousness of the situation since I am the chief medical advisor to the 
president. Obviously this is a political ploy to embarrass president Biden. I just wrote 
back to senator Graham and told him that my job is to develop vaccines and drugs and to 
be involved in strictly medical issues, and that the border problems are the CDC, the 
Department of Homeland Security, or the Department of State. 
PRESS:   Interview with India Express (print); White House Press briefing (discussed 2nd 
shot); Canadian Broadcasting Company (CBC) – TV; Fireside Cat Online with Canadian 
Genomic Forum; WBUR (NPR) – “On Point” with Meghna Chakrabarti; Instgram with 
Eva Longoria; Local TV for Memphis, TN and New Orleans, LA; 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 718 ---
Institute), Torrian Baskerville of NASTAD, Edward Bitarakwate, Uganda Country 
Director for EGPAF, and Joyce Ouma of National Empowerment Network of PLWH in 
Kenya, and Maureen Goodenow of OAR 
● Had usual Zoom meet with Sec Becerra.   I informed him of Novovax results.
● Had SCIF meeting with Deputies regarding global distribution of vaccines
PRESS:   Andy Slavitt tweets a strong defense of me; Health Care Radio Interview
June 15, 2021 – Global – 176,000,000/3,800,000;  USA – 33,300,000/598,000
Cases continue to come:
PRESS: NBC “The Tonight Show” with Jimmy Fallon
June 16, 2021- Global – 176,000,000/3,800,000; USA – 33,300,000/600,000
● Bob Redfield is out there spouting incorrect information saying that he feels strongly that 
this was a virus that leaked from a laboratory. The basis of his saying this is that he feels 
that the virus was so well adapted to humans right from the beginning that it had to have 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 719 ---
leaked from a lab. Any respectable virologist would know that this is total nonsense since 
the virus clearly could have jumped species as a less efficient spreader and causer of 
serious disease and had been circulating in the human population beneath the radar screen 
gathering efficiency in transmission and pathogenesis until it was finally recognized in 
the middle of December of 2019 when many people were getting seriously ill. This is the 
way viruses evolve from nature. In fact, we are still seeing that to this day in what we are 
currently experiencing in that variants are developing greater capability of spreading and 
gaining even greater pathogenesis. Another example of Bob Redfield being dead wrong. I 
am surprised and disappointed that he is out there spouting such nonsense.  I guess that 
he wants to feel relevant now that he is no longer CDC Director. 
● Email of support fro Michel Kazatchkine:
From: Michel Kazatchkine <contact@michelkazatchkine.com>
Date: Wednesday, June 16, 2021 at 9:54 AM
To: "Lane, Cliff (NIH/NIAID) [E]" <clane@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: Tony
 
Dear Cliff,
 
Hope you are well. As many these days,  I am looking forward very much to America being back 
in global / multilateral health!
As many many people around the world, I feel deeply sorry and frustrated about the attacks on 
Tony.
I know that his box is full.
 
That is why I allowed myself to use your mail to convey him a message of friendship and 
support.
 
Warm greetings
 
Professor Michel Kazatchkine
Special Advisor to the Joint United Nations Program on AIDS (UNAIDS) in Eastern Europe and Central Asia
Senior Fellow, Global Health Center, the Graduate Institute of International and Development 
Studies, Geneva
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 720 ---
PRESS:   CBS “This Morning”; ITV (UK TV); Interview with Alison Young of USA Today 
on lab-leak hypothesis; Interview with Yahoo Life; Did White House digital team PSA at 
NIH; New York Times Sway Podcast with Kara Swisher
Very Important piece in Foreign Policy by Justin Ling:
The Lab Leak Theory Doesn’t Hold Up
The rush to find a conspiracy around the COVID-19 pandemic’s 
origins is driven by narrative, not evidence.
By Justin Ling
Quote from the article below:
And what about RaTG13, the virus that Wade and Baker argue is so similar to COVID-19 that it would 
only need some tuneups? In a statement from April 2020, Edward Holmes—an evolutionary biologist 
and virologist at the University of Sydney—noted that “the level of genome sequence divergence 
between SARS-CoV-2 and RaTG13 is equivalent to an average of 50 years (and at least 20 years) of 
evolutionary change
The Washington Post:
Two weeks later, Tucker Carlson’s attack on 
Fauci has quietly collapsed
The News Corp. building on 6th Avenue, home to Fox News, the 
New York Post and the Wall Street Journal, on March 20, 2019, in New York. (Kevin Hagen/Getty Images)
By Philip Bump
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 721 ---
Historical record of A.S. Fauci - Part 4 
May 1, 2021 – Global – 151,000,000/3,200,000; USA – 32,100,000/573,000
I am going public that pharmaceutical companies should share their technologies with 
developing nations to allow them to make their own vaccine developed by the companies.   Also, 
they should receive vaccines while the plants are gearing up in their own countries to start 
making product (see below)
PRESS:  MSNBC with Jasmeen Vossoughian; 
Washington Post – Dan Diamond:
White House is split over how to vaccinate the 
world - The proposal was discussed last week by Anthony S. Fauci, a top coronavirus adviser to 
President Biden, and Katherine Tai, the U.S. trade representative, who spoke about ways to help the 
developing world as it reels from a worsening crisis.
Fauci briefed Tai on the benefits of sharing technologies from companies that hold vaccine patents — a 
position that he supports, arguing that it would allow developing countries to rapidly produce their own 
vaccines, said people with knowledge of White House deliberations who spoke on the condition of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 722 ---
anonymity because of the conversations’ sensitivity. Tai separately told colleagues that she’s considered 
advocating to lift some patent protections but is still gathering information, said two of those people.
May 2, 2021 - Global – 151,800,000/3,200,000; USA – 32,200,000/573,800
• Had dinner over Jeff Zients’s house with wife Mary, Bob Seder and Deb Harman, Denis 
McDonough and wife Kari.   Terrific time.   Jeff is as wonderful on a personal basis as he 
is professionally.  His home at 4500 Garfield Street, NW is absolutely magnificent.
• Jeff Zients Called me this evening giving me a heads up that he might want me to write a 
one page memo the president Biden explaining to him the situation in India particularly 
with regard to the variants. I convinced him that it might be better to arrange for a phone 
call between me and the president so that I could respond to his questions rather than 
have him receive a memo that he would have questions about. Jeff said we could think 
about it overnight and decide tomorrow. 
PRESS: Connecticut Public Television “The Jane Whitney Show”
May 3, 2021 – Global – 152,500,000/3,200,000; USA – 32,200,000/574,200
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 723 ---
India is exploding:
Good number today for the USA:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 724 ---
Jeff called me this morning and said that it would be best for them to arrange for me to speak 
one on one with the president over the next couple of days concerning the India issue . I believe 
that this is the best way to go. 
• regarding the situation at the Texas-Mexico border. The congressman has an interesting 
problem and an issue. Apparently, people coming from Mexico to the United states who 
are holding valid visas are not being allowed to come in through land crossings. Most of 
these people are poor and cannot afford to fly in.  However, the wealthier people who can 
fly into the United states but who are required to have a test before they get on the plane 
are allowed to come in. This becomes an economic issue for the border towns in the 
United states such as Laredo. Visa-carrying Mexicans spend about $19 billion per year in 
the border towns. It becomes a serious economic issue if they are not allowed in. The 
congressman wants my help since Homeland Security says that this is a medical issue and 
the congressman points out that it is not a medical issue; but it is an economic issue. I 
explained to the congressman that I believe that Homeland Security thinks it is a medical 
issue because the people who come over on land crossings do not have testing readily 
available to them and so given the possibility that some of them are infected, Homeland 
Security considers this a medical issue. My suggestion for a solution is to figure out a 
way to get the United States side of the border to provide rapid testing for the visa-
holding Mexicans as they enter the country , and if they are negative, they are allowed to 
enter. I promised to check with the medical adviser to Homeland Security to see if we can 
straighten this out.  I will have our staffs connect us.
• Two countries that have done things differently from us – UK and Israel.   They both 
locked down completely until their number started to come down sharoply and then they 
ramped up vaccinations and now their test positivity is 0.1%.   See the results below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 725 ---
The far right continues to accuse me of fostering dangerous gain-of-function research.   
The letter to the editor of the National Review refutes this:
Letter to the Editor 
NR.pdf
PRESS: Interview with Press Trust of India Washington Correspondent (print); Seattle 
NBC TV (on the “Fauci effect” in med schools); Science News interview with Aimee 
Cunningham; WBAL radio and TV (Baltimore); King TV (Seattle) – interview together 
with Larry Corey;
Sheryl Stolberg in The New York Times:
Pressure Mounts to Lift Patent 
Protections on Coronavirus Vaccines
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, Mr. Biden’s chief medical adviser for the pandemic, said in an 
interview Monday that the drugmakers themselves must act, either by greatly expanding 
their manufacturing capacity to supply other nations at “an extremely diminished price” 
or by transferring their technology to let the developing world make cheap copies. He 
said he was agnostic on a waiver.
“I always respect the needs of the companies to protect their interests to keep them in 
business, but we can’t do it completely at the expense of not allowing vaccine that’s 
lifesaving to get to the people that need it,” Dr. Fauci said, adding, “You can’t have 
people throughout the world dying because they don’t have access to a product that rich 
people have access to.”
May 4, 2021 – Global – 153,200,000/3,200,000; USA -32,300,000/574,700
Lower numbers – 32,500:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 726 ---
• I did the Governors’ call and did the epi update since Rochelle was not able to be on the 
call.  I clarified with Governor Cuomo why we should not get hung up on the “elusive” 
concept of herd immunity threshold since no one knows what that is.   We should just 
focus on getting as many people vaccinated as quickly as we possibly can and for sure the 
number f cases will come down.
• I did the briefing for the “TV Docs” in preparation of the POTUS speech on the goal of 
70% of adults vaccinated by July 4
• Spoke with Indian Ambassador to the USA (Taranjit Singh Sandhu) about the situation in 
India.
PRESS:  BBC Worldwide Radio (interview on India); MSNBC – “Deadline White House” 
with Nicole Wallace; CNN – Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer;  NBC@Peacock with 
Mehdi Hasan;  ABC - Jimmy Kimmel Live
Financial Times got the story right, but the headline wrong:
Fauci warns against discarding trade rules on Covid 
vaccines 
Biden senior adviser says move would spark legal disputes and delay 
inoculation campaigns
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 727 ---
May 5, 2021 – Global – 154,000,000/3,200,000; USA – 32,300,000/575,500
• Daily cases today at 41,000
In discussions with the medical team and with the White House comms group, I made it 
clear but I really do have a problem defending the ultra-conservative approach of the CDC 
regarding the wearing of masks outdoors. In particular, I was on an interview on the 
Today show with Savannah Guthrie and she pushed me on how inflexible the guidelines 
were for children in camp, where we have kids wearing masks all the time in 90 degree 
weather playing outside. I admitted that the CDC guidelines were “conservative”. 
Savannah try to get me to say that they were excessive but I stuck with my original 
characterization. We really do need to get the CDC to loosen up on some of their guidelines 
because our credibility is going to be attacked if we do not do that.
I had a very interesting conversation with Nancy Messonnier last night. I called her up to 
ask her advice about how we can get some clear metrics from the CDC regarding when 
cities in states could start relaxing their restrictions. She surprised me by telling me that 
she was no longer part of the COVID response group and that she has essentially been 
fired by Rochelle Walensky.   Something strange is going on here since it is very difficult to 
fire anybody in government even when they do something awful , and certainly Nancy has 
not done anything awful. In fact, she even thought that maybe I was involved in her 
removal but was very pleased to see that I did not know anything about it. 
POTUS announced that the USA would waive the TRIPS and lift patent restrictions!!!
PRESS: NBC “Today” with Savannah Guthrie; Israeli TV; MSNBC with Stephanie Ruhle; 
Met with the Politico Editorial Board (on the record); Interview with The Hill with Steve 
Clemons; Israeli Public broadcasting Corporation; Sky News Australian TV;
May 6, 2021 – Global – 154,800,000/3,200,000; USA – 32,400,000/576,200
I had an important conversation this morning with Rochelle Walensky who wanted my 
input on putting together some specific metrics for when the country can open up and stop 
wearing masks. I have been encouraging her to do this over the past several weeks since many 
members of the press and the public have been pushing us to give some sort of a metric 
regarding the number of cases as well as the percent of the population that is vaccinated that can 
be used to allow states, cities, towns, and counties to know when they can open up and stop 
wearing masks. She showed me a bunch of slides which proposed a color-coded system County 
by County that would provide some form of metrics. She proposed that if a County gets to less 
than 50 cases per 100,000 population over seven days and has 70% of its population receiving at 
least one dose of the vaccine that this could be the metric for opening. I am very pleased to see 
that they are moving in this direction since this is what I have been encouraging them to do now 
for several weeks. I believe it would counter the intense criticism that the CDC and I are 
receiving because of a lack of definitive metrics. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 728 ---
I had a terrific experience today, which is Nurse’s Week. A couple of nurses from the 
different wards had written emails to me asking me to drop by and say hello to nurses on the 
occasion of Nurse’s Week; they felt that the nurses would really appreciate seeing me and being 
able to take pictures with me. And so, today with the help of the head of nursing at the NIH 
Gwen Wallen and the various Ward supervisors, I visited every nursing unit in the NIH Clinical 
Center to congratulate and thank each of the nurses on Nurse’s Week and to take literally 
hundreds of photos both as groups and as individual selfies. The nurses went absolutely wild to 
see me they were squealing and laughing and clapping. It was something to behold. The hour and 
a half that I invested in doing that was well worth the time in that it had to have been an 
extraordinary morale builder for the nurses.
• I did a bunch of ceremonial social things virtually at Vanderbilt University where I 
taped my commencement address today to be given as a taped version next week. The 
Vanderbilt community was very excited to help me with them even though it was virtual  
PRESS: Interview with Joel Achenbach of the Washington Post; CNN Interview from 
India;
May 6, 2021 – Global    USA
Daily cases at 44,000
Incidence and vaccine coverage
• US (13/100K) 1st dose 45%| 2nd 33% 
• UK (2/100K) 1st dose 52%| 2nd 24% 
• Israel (0.7/100K) 1st dose 58%| 2nd 54%
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 729 ---
The issue of the escape of the virus from the Wuhan Chinese lab is starting to heat up 
again.  The usual cast of characters that had been bugging us about gain of function research or 
add it again claiming incorrectly that we have funded gain of function research for the Wuhan 
lab. Somehow or other they're trying to connect funding gain of function with a Chinese 
investigator getting infected with the spread of COVID-19 throughout the world. They seem to 
be hung up on the fact that they believe that we have funded gain of function research for the lab 
when in fact we have not. Nonetheless, they will certainly be up to mischievous behavior. In this 
regard Francis Collins has received an 11-page letter from right wing Republican Congress 
person Cathy McMorris Rodgers, cosine by congressman Brett Guthrie Ann Morgan Griffith. 
They have 29 questions concerning the conspiracy theory that the virus originated from the 
Wuhan lab. See attachment below. In addition, on March 5th I received a letter from 
congressman Mike Gallagher (see attachment below) with similar questions about gain of 
function research and the possibility of an escape of the virus from the Wuhan lab. It is inevitable 
that they will be hassling me about this for some time. 
SKM_C754e2105071
2531.pdf
SKM_C754e2105071
2540.pdf
• Nancy Messonnier resigns (see above)
PRESS:  White House press conference; Times Now Indian TV;
May 8, 2021 – 
• Weekly (weekend) touch bases with media team (11:00 AM – Saturday)  in anticipation 
of Sunday shows.
May 9, 2021 – Global – 157,300,000/3,300,000; USA – 32,500,000/578,500
COVID Cases  
05.09.21 powerpoin  
Cases still hanging around 30-40,000/day
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 730 ---
The anti-Fauci stuff continues with individual articles and FOX news continually implying 
that gain of function research funded by NIAID (which never occurred) was related to escape of 
virus from Wuhan Institute of Virology.  Typical conspiracy theory. (see below)
From Jane Whitney:
Dear Dr. Fauci,
Rarely are we at a loss for words.
But we're hard pressed to adequately express how grateful we are for your extraordinary appearance 
during our season premiere of “Common Ground” last Sunday. 
The rave reviews for your “Human Google” pandemic database and your candor continue to roll in. But, 
it was your earthy sensibility that lifted the broadcast to a visceral level which resonated with so many. 
During this chaotic chapter when we’re trying to cope with the pandemic plus a bitterly divided country, 
you give people hope that leadership, integrity — and humanity -- can lift us to better days. Your friend 
and WaPo columnist Michael Gerson captured your gestalt when he observed that you have “no other 
ambition or agenda than the health of the country and the world.” 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 731 ---
Not since I interviewed former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright last summer had the phrase 
“national treasure” popped into my head. But, your constancy and commitment to leading our nation 
through the scourge of the coronavirus, warranted using that phrase again during the close of our 
interview.
On behalf of our entire “Common Ground” team, we are especially thankful that you were willing to 
donate your talent and considerable time to join us for our series launch on national television
• Had call with Jeff Zients who (like me) is concerned that the CDC and Rochelle are 
being too conservative with regard to not loosening up restrictions for people who have 
been vaccinated.   The CDC is beginning to lose credibility.   Jeff realizes this and 
because of my close relationship with Rochelle, he wants me to get her to understand 
that.   She is sticking closely with the advice of her career people who are often behind 
the real world.
• Followed up with Rochelle and told her in a fatherly advice that the CDC is loosing 
credibility by being so rigid with the guidelines for vaccinated people.
Peter Navarro slandering me on his twitter account:
PRESS: NBC “Meet the Press” with Chick Todd; ABC “This Week” with George 
Stephanopoulos; MSNBC with Joshua Johnson;  
Wall Street Journal: China, Fauci and the Origins of 
Covid 
Did the virus come from a Chinese lab funded by the 
celebrated doctor’s U.S. government institute?
May 10, 2021 – Global  - 158,000,000/3,300,000; USA – 32,500,000/579,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 732 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 733 ---
• Did 1 hour interview for the Obama Oral History
• Joined President Obama to chat with professional athletes to encourage them to be 
trusted messengers to get people vaccinated.
In vitro data suggest that B.1.617 will be at east partially sensitive to vaccine induced antibodies: 
bioRxiv: SARS-CoV-2 B.1.617 emergence and sensitivity to vaccine-elicited antibodies 
https://bit.ly/3y2IYq3 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 734 ---
“…Therefore, at population scale, 
extensive  vaccination  will  likely  protect  against  moderate  
to  severe  disease  and  will  reduce  transmission of B.1.617 
given the in vitro neutralisation data we and others have 
presented”
SARS-CoV-2 B.1.617 emergence and sensitivity 
to vaccine-elicited antibodies
PRESS:  The Carlos Watson TV Show (YouTube); 
May 11, 2021 – Global – 158,700,000/3,300,000;  USA – 32,600,000/579,400
Numbers coming down:• Senate HELP Hearing today with Kessler, Walensky and Peter Marks. Senators Rand 
Paul and Roger Marshall came at me regarding gain of function research. They obviously 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 735 ---
were trying to do the usual connecting me and NIAID with the emergence of COVID-19 
from China. The questions were very accusatory and laden with agenda. This is likely a 
trend that will continue and could be getting more serious.  
PRESS: “Clubhouse” with Sanjay Gupta; Politifacts Interview;
May 12, 2021 – Global – 159,300,000/3,300,000; USA – 32,600,000/580,100
• I had an interesting conversation today with Tom Frieden About the possibility of South 
Korea playing an important role in manufacturing doses of the M RNA vaccine for the 
rest of the world. Tom feels that we cannot depend upon the pharmaceutical companies 
Moderna and Pfizer to really provide doses of vaccine for the rest of the world at a 
reasonable price. Tom is going to present this proposition to Jeff Zients tonight. I will 
follow up with Jeff to make sure that he understands that I am very much in favor of this. 
• Things are really heating up with the GOP against me:
• Republicans propose bill to fire Fauci amid 
growing discontent with top Biden medical 
officials
• Fauci has been National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases director since 1984
PRESS: Washington Post interview with Yasmeen Abutaleb and Damian Paletta about 
article about my FOIA’d e-mails; New York Times interview with Jane brody about being 
80 years old; MSNBC Town Hall meeting with President Biden, Sec Becerra, and Vivek 
Murthy;
May 13, 2021 – Global    USA
• My conversation with Rochelle the night before the hearing must have worked. She 
just called me to tell me that she has made a major change in the CDC recommendations. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 736 ---
She will take my advice and change the guidelines to read that a vaccinated person can go 
without a mask whether or not they are indoors or outdoors. This is a major change and 
I'm very pleased that she listened to me.  The radical right-wing maniacs who blamed me 
for the rigidity of the CDC recommendations will probably not realize at all that it was 
me that triggered this change. 
• Had a productive meeting with David Marchick and his team from the United States 
International Development Finance Corporation (DFC) to determine how they may help 
to use their financing capability to provide vaccine doses to low and middle income 
countries. We discussed the multiple ways that this can be done ranging from financing 
transfer a technology two actually buying doses from companies to distribute to poorer 
countries. Also want to call besides Francis Collins and I were the teams from DFC and 
USAID. Also there was John Mascola and Cliff Lane.
• Things continue to heat up regarding the innuendoes about our being responsible 
for the COVID-19 pandemic because of our grant to EcoHealth.  Amazing!!!   All 
the right wing conspiracy theorists are piling on with no data at all.
PRESS: CBS “This Morning” with Gayle King; CNN with Jake Tapper; NBC Nightly 
News with Lester Holt; 
May 14, 2021 – Global – 160,800,000/3,300,000; USA – 32,700,000/581,600
In The Onion sarcastically spoofing the recent relaxation of mask mandates from CDC:
Dr. Fauci: ‘There’s No Longer A Need For 
Statues To Wear Masks Outside’
Yesterday 12:11PM
PRESS: MSNBC – “Morning Joe” with Joe Scarborough; MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell; 
Black News Channel (TV); 
May 15, 2021 – Global – 161,500,000/3,400,000; USA – 32,7600,000/582,300
Cases coming down, but not precipitously:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 737 ---
It is a really tough world that we're living in. In a commentary about my commencement 
address at Vanderbilt one of the newspapers (The Tennessean) reported that as I was giving the 
speech → While he was speaking on YouTube, trolls were calling him a liar.
• Cliff Lane and I together with Francis Collins have always been skeptical about 
the efficacy of convalescent plasma for the treatment of COVID-19. 
Accumulating data over the past few months have made it clear that despite the 
claims of people such as Arturo Casadevall and others that convalescent plasma 
works and is beneficial , it is clear that Cliff and I and Francis were correct all 
along. 
• In a situation very similar to what I had faced multiple times such as when I 
picked up food at Chef Geoff’s tonight I went with Chris to pick up carry out 
from Raku restaurant on Wisconsin Ave. As soon as people recognized me 
there was a wave of applause and squealing and screaming and clapping 
and thanking me with multiple people coming and asking for selfies . It was a 
little bit embarrassing, but it was just a manifestation of how people need a 
symbol of integrity and truth. 
• Joan Baez texted me tonight asking me about what she should wear for the 
State Department dinner since she heard that it was going to be 90 plus degrees 
in Washington on Friday and she anticipated that the air conditioning in the 
state Department would be freezing. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 738 ---
Rand Paul continues to act disrespectful to me and like a complete idiot.   Here is what he 
said on FOX news:  Rand Paul: ‘Little Dictator’ 
Fauci ‘acts like an ignoramus every day’ 
over masks
By Samuel Chamberlain
May 14, 2021 | 11:43pm | Updated
May 16, 2021 – Global -  USA
Numbers still coming down:
Kate McKinnon played me again last night on “Saturday Night Live” in the context of the 
new CDC guidelines (see above).   The CDC (Rochelle) got slammed on all the Sunday 
Shows for the abruptness of the announcement without planning for it or alerting people.  People 
are confused as to what to do in certain settings such as businesses, shops, etc.   I tried to clarify 
this on Sunday TV shows (see below).
• Chris and I (with the detail) went for our Sunday walk on the Mall as opposed to the 
Canal.   Just as with Raku last night restaurant, we ran into groups of students who had 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 739 ---
just had their graduation ceremony from George Washington University on the Mall.   A 
few recognized me and started squealing and laughing as asking for selfies, which I gave 
them.   Then more and more people gathered around and soon we had the same sort of 
crowd around me as has happened at AU, Chef Geoff’s, and Raku.   It looks like for at 
least a while this is what is going to happen.
PRESS:  CBS “Face the Nation” with John Dickerson; MSNBC “The Sunday Show” with 
Jonathan Capehart; Che Tempo Che Fa (Italian TV);
May 17, 2021 – Global – 162,800,000/3,400,000; USA – 32,800,000/583,100
May be just the weekend decrease, but the numbers are very low today – 17,700:
• Had a good and interesting day at the White House today. president Biden and I 
teamed up to do some PSAs on vaccines. We were questioned by a number of online 
celebrities such as Manny MUA and “Brave Wilderness” and Jackie Aina   I had a good 
time with the president as we joked around about a number of things. He teased me then I 
have my own television show since I am on TV almost all the time. Then he sincerely 
thanked me for everything that I have been doing with regards to COVID-19. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 740 ---
• Fringe press such as “Pulse Nation” starting to scale up on conspiracy theory rhetoric 
about GOF.
• Anne Schuchat announced her retirement from CDC today.   As expected, the press 
are trying to make something out of this that it may not be. They are suggesting that there 
was a rift between Rochelle and Anne and Nancy, and that is why Ann and Nancy are 
leaving. This is almost certainly not the case since both and Nancy have good reasons to 
want to leave. Both of them have been there for decades and clearly and clearly Anne 
wants to retire.   Nancy may just be burned out.   
 
PRESS:  Black New Channel (TV) with Charles Blow; Did White House PSAs with 
President Biden; MSNBC with Chris Hayes; PodSave America Podcast
May 18, 2021 – Global   USA
2nd day in a row that numbers are way down – 19,500:
We are having a serious problem here in that the Public Affairs people at HHS are refusing 
to allow Francis to put on the NIH website an explanation about what we did with the grant 
associated with the Wuhan laboratory. The HHS people are misguided thinking that by 
explaining the grant as well as what gain of function really means we will be calling attention to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 741 ---
the issue. They completely fail to realize that there is already intense attention paid to this issue 
and the legitimate press including the Washington Post and the Atlantic are asking legitimate 
questions and wanting to know why we are not responding. We are going to put more pressure 
on HHS to allow us to be able to develop a statement for the NIH website as well as provide 
talking points and Qs and As. It is clear that the far right has stirred this up enough that now the 
legitimate press is beginning to ask questions. 
• Received this evening at the home (Villa Firenze) of the Italian Ambassador to the USA 
(Armando Varricchio) the Cavaliere di Gran Croce Ordino al Merito della 
Repubblica Italiana – Knight Grand Cross of Order of Merit of the Italian Republic 
conferred (in absentia) by Italian President Sergio Matarella
We have a long and difficult conversation with the HHS people over the phone last night. 
Francis, Larry  and I along with others on the NIH team discussed with the HHS team led by the 
new ASPA Sarah Lovenheim and Ian Sams among others. They were very reluctant to have us 
put a statement on the NIH director's website concerning the gain of function issue. This is 
completely ridiculous since if we do not respond to the many misleading statements that are 
being made then it will look like we're covering things up. The HHS people do not seem to 
understand that. They also are reluctant for us to directly answer letters of inquiry from the GOP 
members of Congress who are probing around the Wuhan issue. They are a new group and very 
inexperienced but they can really mess things up if we don't hold our ground. We finally got 
them to agree to put Francis's statement on the NIH webpage; however, they're still not allowing 
us to proactively put out the talking points and will only allow us to do that in specific answer to 
questions that come in. In another amazing aspect of the discussion they were actually claiming 
that we should not answer the letters that we get from Congress.  More later on this struggle.
PRESS:  Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos; White House Press 
conference (I spoke on variants and vaccines); Axios Online interview; NBC News 
Snapchat; multiple interviews at the Villa Firenze by the Italian press in association with 
my “Knighthood”.
May 19, 2021 – Global – 163,900,000/3,400,000; USA – 32,800,000/584,300
COVID-19 cases in USA <30,000 for 4th day in a row
The “buzz” about the origins of the virus continue with multiple inquiries from the press. One of 
the real problems is that people are conflating whether or not we approved gain of function 
research for Wuhan and the possibility that the Chinese created SARS-C0V-2 in the 
laboratory. Whether or not one agrees as to the conduct of gain of function research, when you 
look at the bat viruses that was studied under the grant and compare the genetic sequences with 
SARS- CoV-2 it becomes clear that SARS-C0V-2 could not have come from the bat viruses 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 742 ---
associated with the grant that was funded. This obvious fact appears to get lost in the zeal of 
some to point fingers at us to be the cause of the problem. 
PRESS: Interview with The Advocate; NBC Today Show (40 years of HIV); WTOP Radio; 
Life Out Loud Podcast; CBS Evening News; Bowdoin University Fireside Chat; CNN 
“Prime Time” with Chris Cuomo
May 20, 2021 Global – 164,500,000/3,400,000; USA – 32,900,000/585,000
The White House and HHS want me to do them a favor. There is a Washington Post reporter 
(Annie Linskey) who is trying to write a story that the CDC is taking on a much broader role of 
making policy and giving guidelines when in the past they have been more of an advisory group. 
The White House and HHS want me to disabuse the reporter of this story since as a matter of 
fact it was only in the last administration with Trump that the CDC was diminished to just being 
advisory. In every other administration with which I have been involved, the CDC has always 
made policy and guidelines . The outlier is what happened during the Trump administration. I 
will try to set the record straight in discussing with a Reporter. 
There is really an organizer effort to discredit me.   This truck was seen on the streets of DC:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 743 ---
Eric Lander confirmed as Head of OSTP
Cases starting to come down in India:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 744 ---
• I had a very interesting day today in that I accompanied first lady Jill Biden to 
Children's Hospital National Medical Center in Washington DC where we both 
visited the clinics that were vaccinating children from 12 to 15 years old. Doctor Biden 
specifically asked that I accompany her.  After we toured the clinic, Doctor Biden and I 
gave a joint press briefing. Interestingly, most of the questions were directed to me 
• The inappropriate trolling continues. The most recent of which is someone tweeting that 
Christine Grady is responsible for pushing through the vaccines towards an EUA. 
They are saying that she bypassed all the appropriate procedures to rush the vaccines 
through approval. This is getting really ridiculous as they are now involving Christine in 
something that she has nothing to do with. Totally shameful behavior together with the 
truck situation as described above. 
This is the slanderous inuendo:
Did Fauci Fund ‘Gain of Function’ Research, 
Thereby Causing COVID-19 Pandemic?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 745 ---
• Terrific profile of me in Time Magazine:  https://time.com/5960529/anthony-fauci-
profile/ 
• Jill Biden calls Dr. Fauci 'our American hero' during visit 
to D.C. children's hospital after he said Americans should 
NOT completely ditch masks
PRESS:  Virtual Interview with Damian Denys for the John Adams Institute (Center for 
American Culture in Amsterdam); Washington Post Live – with Yasmeen Abulateb; The 
Bloomberg Business Week; White House organized interaction with Black Press – Blavity; 
Black Girl Nerds; The Root; Huff Post Black Voices; The Grio with April Ryan; CNBC 
with Shepherd Smith
May 21, 2021 – Global    USA
Cases continue to decline with 28,000 today
More crazy stuff – An article appears online in RealRawNews that I was planning to flee 
the country since there was an arrest warrant out for me for crimes against the world: 
Dr. Fauci Prepping to Flee 
Country
PRESS:  The Hill: Jill Biden recognizes Fauci as an 'American hero’; CBS “This Morning” 
with Gayle King; The Hindu Newspaper interview; NBC – LX interview; WGBH Public 
Radio – The World.
May 22, 2021 –  Global – 165,800,000/3,400,000; USA – 32,900,000/586,300
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 746 ---
Joan Baez - I had a most extraordinary and memorable evening last night at the Kennedy 
Center. Joan Baez invited me to be her escort on the occasion of her receiving the Kennedy 
Center medallion for lifetime performance as a performing artist. Other awardees included Dick 
Van Dyke, Garth Brooks, Debbie Allen, and Midori Goto. Finally, I got to meet her in person 
after the year-long building up of our friendship via texts and phone calls. She is an absolutely 
amazing, warm an endearing person, and our friendship was cemented last night as it became 
clear that we really were, as I said, “meant for each other “. I got to meet her family including 
her son Gabe and her granddaughter Jasmine, who is an absolutely beautiful 17 year old girl, 
aspiring songwriter who will be entering college in Miami in September. Also present was Irwin 
Redlener who is the one who introduced me to Joan about a year ago. I was somewhat taken 
aback by the attention that was paid to me by all the celebrities who were there who are gushing 
to have their picture taken with me and to tell me how much they were appreciative of what I had 
been doing. A typical example was Garth Brooks’s wife Trisha Yearwood who was just gushing 
to meet me.  The same was true for many other people including co-award winner Debbie Allen 
and Broadway legend Chita Rivera, as well as Dick Van Dyke, another award winner. I got to 
escort Joan up to the stage to receive her award and I sat with her as she waited to go on the 
stage. after the awards ceremony we all went out to the outside deck of the Kennedy Center and 
had champagne and snacks.  All in all, it was a spectacular evening 
PRESS: ABC - Good Morning America (Weekend Edition); New York Times: Jane 
Brody and Dr. Anthony Fauci on Staying Fit 
and Focused at 80.
May 23, 2021 - Global – 166,300,000/3,400,000; USA – 32,900,000/586,800
Cases continue to come down.   All 50 states have decreases:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 747 ---
Appropriations Hearing (Senate and House) coming up next week.   Interesting to see if they 
fixate on the lab. Escape theory.  I had a very interesting and helpful conversation today with 
Christian Andersen of Scripps Research Institute. He was very emphatic that the work that 
was done at the Wu Han Institute in Association with our grant was not gain of function . In 
addition he confirmed that if you match the chimeric viruses that were made in the context of the 
NIH grant in Wuhan, they are not even close sequence wise to the SARS-CoV-2. Christian will 
be writing a letter together with some data on this topic; however, I feel much better now that he 
is in total support of what I have been saying. 
May 24, 2021 - Global – 166,900,000/3,500,000; USA – 32,900,000/587,300
Numbers continuing to come down:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 748 ---
Had typical White House press conference; briefing of “Principals”; and briefing of Sec. Becerra 
– Busy day
Had conversation with Jon Avnet, famous filmmaker who wants to make a film about the 
development of the COVID-19 vaccine featuring Corbett, Graham and others.  He wants my 
advice and help in convincing these people to cooperate in the film.
Also did fireside chat with Northwest Indian federation
Cases coming down now in India:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 749 ---
PRESS:   Interview with “The Monocle” – a Canadian publication; Sirius XM Radio with 
Marc Siegel; Interview with Ben Ryan for The Guardian.
Great Opinion piece by Mike Gerson blasting the far right for slanderous attacks on me:
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2021/05/24/right-is-dwelling-
slanderous-myths-about-origins-covid-19/
May 25, 2021 – Global – 167,000,000/3,500,000; USA – 33,000,000/587,800
• We had the House Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing today (virtually).  it went 
well except for some snarky comments by Congressman Andy Harris concerning the 
origin of the virus. He maintains we should never be doing any research involving China 
and is part of the conspiracy theory. Rosa DeLauro chaired and was wonderful.   Tom 
Cole is Ranking Minority and was also a gentleman.
Cases continue coming down:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 750 ---
I did a Town Hall with POTUS last night: Biden and Fauci field questions on 
vaccine hesitancy from YouTube influencers.
• FOX News on a rampage against me on every show and pushing the lab leak origin 
PRESS:  Tucker Carlson continues with his slanderous attacks: Tucker 
Carlson: Fauci, the WHO, and 
mainstream media lied 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 751 ---
about COVID origins for 
more than a year.
The Australian: 'Virus warfare' in China military 
documents
The Australian Online
May 7, 2021 Friday 12:30 PM AEDT
This just does not make any sense since why would someone want to make an 
agent that could equally infect your own population. Something is wrong with this 
report . I will have to follow up on it. In the meantime, senator Rand Paul has 
introduced an amendment to ban gain of function research in China. In the 
statement they say that I am a strong advocate of gain of function research, which 
in fact I am not. I have been very clear that it should only be done on the very 
special circumstances when the public health need requires it and that it needs to 
be done on the very restricted conditions. The complete distortion of what I have 
been saying continues on the part of the radical right.
May 26, 2021 – Global – 167,500,000/3,500,000;  USA – 33,000,000/588,400
The situation continues to get “out of control” with regard to the press reports concerning my 
“flip flopping” concerning the theory of the origin of the virus. I had always said that the very 
highly likelihood is that the virus originated naturally from an animal reservoir jumping to a 
human. However, over the past couple of days given the amount of speculation about the 
possibility of a lab leak I have been saying that no one is 100% certain of the origin including me 
and so I am calling for a thorough investigation. This is backed by Andy Slavitt as well as a 
number of other government officials. Calling for an investigation is merely to put to rest the 
extraordinary amount of speculation and conspiracy theories. However, this is being interpreted 
as Fauci flip flopping again. The far right is really amazing in their distortion of reality. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 752 ---
• We had our Hearing today before the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee chaired by 
senator Patty Murray with ranking minority Roy Blount. As expected, several Republican 
senators got a bit snarky with me asking questions about the origins of COVID-19. In 
particular senator Kennedy (R-LA).  In addition, Sens. Braun, Rubio and Lindsey Graham all 
asked questions with a hint of the conspiracy theory that somehow the Chinese let the virus 
escape from a lab and possibly the NIH inadvertently contributed to this by funding the lab to 
do research on coronavirus. This type of conspiracy theory is getting very hot and heavy of 
late with multiple publications promoting all sorts of theories. 
• One of the most recent theories is that President Biden suppressed the investigation of the 
Chinese. President Biden came out with a statement today explaining his position on all this. 
Here it is:
• Statement by President Joe Biden on the 
Investigation into the Origins of COVID-19 
• May 26, 2021 • Statements and Releases 
• Back in early 2020, when COVID-19 emerged, I called for the CDC to get access to China to learn 
about the virus so we could fight it more effectively. The failure to get our inspectors on the 
ground in those early months will always hamper any investigation into the origin of COVID-19.
 
Nevertheless, shortly after I became President, in March, I had my National Security Advisor task 
the Intelligence Community to prepare a report on their most up-to-date analysis of the origins 
of COVID-19, including whether it emerged from human contact with an infected animal or from 
a laboratory accident. I received that report earlier this month, and asked for additional follow-
up. As of today, the U.S. Intelligence Community has “coalesced around two likely scenarios” but 
has not reached a definitive conclusion on this question. Here is their current position: “while 
two elements in the IC leans toward the former scenario and one leans more toward the latter – 
each with low or moderate confidence – the majority of elements do not believe there is 
sufficient information to assess one to be more likely than the other.”
 
I have now asked the Intelligence Community to redouble their efforts to collect and analyze 
information that could bring us closer to a definitive conclusion, and to report back to me in 90 
days. As part of that report, I have asked for areas of further inquiry that may be required, 
including specific questions for China. I have also asked that this effort include work by our 
National Labs and other agencies of our government to augment the Intelligence Community’s 
efforts. And I have asked the Intelligence Community to keep Congress fully apprised of its work.
 
The United States will also keep working with like-minded partners around the world to press 
China to participate in a full, transparent, evidence-based international investigation and to 
provide access to all relevant data and evidence.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 753 ---
• The Chinese are now upset with me about my saying that there should be an investigation:
• Chinese state media is turning on Fauci 
amid Wuhan lab controversy
• By Nectar Gan and James Griffiths, CNN
May 27, 2021 – Global – 168,000,000/3,500,000;  USA – 33,000,000/589,500
The onslaught of far-right Republican venom against me continues. We're being bombarded 
with letters asking dozens of questions regarding our role in research at the Wuhan institute of 
virology. In addition, Rand Paul continues with other senators to call for my dismissal because I 
have “misled the American public”.   
Funny satire about FOX News and me: https://www.theonion.com/new-evidence-shows-fauci-may-
have-been-created-in-chine-1846984205
PRESS:  Sirius Radio – Joe Madison Show (Concerning my Emory University 
Commencement Address); Interview with The Guardian
May 28, 2021 – 
• The secretary of HHS we'll ask the Inspector General to do an audit of EcoHealth and its 
oversight up the subaward to the Wuhan institute of virology. I am certain that there will 
be some deficiencies that the IG will find as is always the case with IG audits. Certainly, 
whatever they find it will be misconstrued by those who want to make a case for our 
involvement in the outbreak. I am starting to feel that it is important for me to write an 
editorial or an opinion piece giving our side of the story. 
PRESS: FOX got hold of An article that I wrote in 2012 in mBio where I spoke about the 
moratorium on gain of function. They completely misconstrued it to say that I was in favor 
of gain of function research even if it meant the risk of a pandemic. The New York Post 
picked it up and their headline is :
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 754 ---
Fauci once argued for risky viral experiments 
— even if they can lead to pandemic 
By Gabrielle Fonrouge
This is truly outrageous. I contemplated writing a response to fox news, but they only gave me about an 
hour to do so comma and when I thought about the situation, it  became clear to me that they would 
cherry pick words from my response and turn it against me. And so I decided to do nothing. Hopefully 
the intensity of this will diminish somewhat over the next few days.  
May 29, 2021 – Global    USA
• Received honorary doctor of science from Bowdoin live, but virtual.   I was in my home 
office dressed in the commencement regalia and waved to the graduates at the ceremony 
as I was conferred the honorary degree.
PRESS:   Great article in Wired about the whole controversy: 
The Covid-19 Lab Leak Theory Is a Tale of 
Weaponized Uncertainty
May 30, 2021 – Global – 169,600,000/3,500,000;  USA – 33,100,000/591,300
Cases continue to come down (see below), but Jeff Z, is concerned that the daily vaccinations are 
also dropping such that the current rate may not get us to 70% of adult population vaccinated by 
July 4;
May 31, 2021 – Global – 169,600,000/3,500,000; USA – 33,100,000/591,400
Very few cases, probably as a result of holiday weekend:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 755 ---
June 1, 2021 – Global – 170,400,000/3,500,000;  USA – 33,100,000/591,500
A couple of interesting things today. Did the governor's call or I spoke about the possible need 
for boosters. In addition I had an interesting podcast with Chelsea Clinton . She is really a very 
nice person, much sweeter than I anticipated. Also had our usual weekly meeting with secretary  
Becerra. Also, we had an important meeting with the deputies in the SCIF to discuss the broad 
plans for the government’s response to COVID-19 including sharing vaccines with other nations. 
• I am absolutely furious today because the print version people of the National 
Geographic film group has published the list of my statements and words of wisdom in a 
book which they are claiming was written by me. It is listed in Amazon and Borders 
Books as a book “by” Anthony Fauci. This has triggered the usual frenzy from the far 
right crazies on social media saying that I am a hypocrite making a lot of money on the 
pandemic. Many of ask how much royalties I am making from the book. I have gone 
ballistic big demanding of the Nat Geo people that they correct this publicly and make it 
very clear that I did not write this book nor am I getting any royalties from it. When I 
allowed them to use my words from former speeches and commencement addresses, I 
assumed that they were going to use this merely as promotional material for the 
documentary. The fact that they made this into a book that they are selling in my mind 
isn't egregious violation of trust and collegiality. I am not going to cooperate at all in the 
promoting of this film. 
• In a Buzzfeed analysis of emails of mine that were FOIA’d, there is an email from 
me to Morgan Fairchild which clearly demonstrates that in February I was warning 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 756 ---
about the possibility of a global pandemic in contrast to what people are accusing 
me of, namely, saying that there was no risk to us. This is a very important email:
 
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 757 ---
PRESS: Jasmeen Abutaleb and Damien Paletta’s  Washington Post article about my e-
mails: https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/interactive/2021/tony-fauci-
emails/?no_nav=true&tid=a_classic-iphone
CNN with Elizabeth Cohen; Wisconsin NPR radio;
June 2, 2021 – Global – 170,800,000/3,600,000; USA – 33,100,000/592,200
• I gave a taped speech today to the opening session of the G7 meeting taking place in 
England. I spoke about the similarities between the COVID-19 pandemic and the HIV 
aids pandemic. I called upon all partners to collaborate and to continue to support 
science. Secretary Becerra is representing the United states at the health component of the 
G7 meeting. 
Also, in line with my participation virtually in the G7 meeting , I took part in a discussion on the 
G7 global vaccine confidence summit. It was a discussion together with John Nkengasong, the 
director of the African CDC moderated by Vivienne Parry. We discussed the issue of vaccine 
hesitancy in various countries throughout the world particularly in the United states and in 
southern Africa. 
Nat Geo film people are also very upset about the shit storm caused by the book  people and 
have come out with a statement that it is their book, not mine and I have not received any 
royalties or other payments from the book or the documentary.   Unfortunately, the damage is 
already done.
• Met with POTUS and VPOTUS in Oval with Jeff Zients and Natalie Quillian. I 
discussed with him the mechanisms and implications for the mRNA vaccine platform 
technology. He was very grateful for the discussion and as usual vice president Harris 
asked excellent questions. He told the story that when he was at Rehobeth beach in 
Delaware with his family, three burly MAGA-type men approached him and started trash 
talking him. The Secret Service were very discreet and did not want to make a scene; 
however his daughter Ashley jumped in front of them and started screaming at them to 
stay away from her father. The lesson of the story was that young women have more guts 
and fire then certain Secret Service agents. 
PRESS:The story on my emails is in the print version of the Washington Post this morning; 
Month of Action (promo video); Podcast with the George Bush Foundation – All the Best 
with Sam LeBlond; WGN Donilon Report (Leland Vittert) – was not the original person to 
interview me and attacked me about e-mails and Wuhan; NPRE “Science Friday” with Ira 
Flatow; Time Health Summit Interview by Alice Park with Stephjane Bancel; Time 
Children’s Interview; NBC Nightly News; MSNBC with Nicole Wallace;  CNN defends me 
on the e-mails issue:  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 758 ---
Thousands of emails from and to 
Fauci during the pandemic's early 
days were published. Here's what 
they show about him
By Christina Maxouris and Paul LeBlanc, CNN
Updated 6:01 PM ET, Wed June 2, 2021
June 3, 2021 – Global – 171,300,000/3,700,000; USA – 33,100,000/592,800
Numbers continue to come down:
• Writeups by CNN and Washington Post regarding my emails are making me look 
very good.  They show that I never  criticize president trump and that I am always very 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 759 ---
courteous and measured in my responses. Even with that the crazies such as senator Rand 
Paul are saying things like “I told you so “, implying that my emails are validating what 
they have been saying about me. Total nut cakes!  The right-wing fringe social media 
are ablaze with anti-Fauci stuff
• while all this is going on, incredibly the far right maniacs in certain states such as 
Arizona are trying to yet again force an unvalidated recount in an attempt to still 
overthrow the election and reinstate Trump. What is happening to our country ????
PRESS: CNN “New Day” with John Berman;  MSNBC – Morning Joe;  
Washington Post:  The alleged Fauci ‘smoking gun’ 
emails
By 
Aaron Blake
Senior reporter 
June 3, 2021 at 12:42 p.m. EDT
In any case, like most data dumps that have careful redactions, the Fauci email trove has no smoking-
gun evidence of wrongdoing. You could make the case, as I and others have, that Fauci had certain 
prejudices and dispositions that were deeply unhelpful in his leadership of the pandemic response — 
and you’ll find evidence of those here. He had a very strong bias against existing drugs and for new and 
experimental ones. He has been slippery on masks and clearly was willing to say things in public that he 
thought “helped” the response even if they weren’t strictly true.
New York Post: Trump tears into Fauci after release of 
early COVID emails 
By Mark Moore
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 760 ---
Washington Post:  The Health 202: Five takeaways from 
Fauci's email exchanges
By 
Paige Winfield Cunningham
Reporter 
June 2, 2021 at 8:30 a.m. EDT
with Alexandra Ellerbeck
Early in the coronavirus pandemic, Anthony S. Fauci expressed skepticism that deaths in the United 
States would top 500,000.
He called the public’s fascination with him “surrealistic.” 
And he assured China’s top public health official that “We will get through this together.”
Hundreds of pages of emails obtained by The Post and BuzzFeed News through Freedom of Information 
Act requests confirm the way Fauci is already viewed by many — as diplomatic, tactful and responsive to 
inquiries from the public, a quality which often kept him up late at night answering emails.
“The correspondence from March and April 2020 opens a window to Fauci’s world during some of the 
most frantic days of the crisis, when the longtime director of the National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases was struggling to bring coherence to the Trump administration’s chaotic response to 
the virus and President Donald Trump was seeking to minimize its severity,” The Post's Damian Paletta 
and Yasmeen Abutaleb write.
“Fauci’s actions during that period and beyond remain an intense focus for many Americans and political 
leaders,” they add. “During daily televised briefings at the White House, Fauci emerged as an at times 
reluctant — and polarizing — media star: To Trump supporters, he was a contrarian who seemed to 
undermine the president at every turn, while others viewed him as a reassuring voice of reason.”
“The emails show that he was inundated with correspondence from colleagues, hospital administrators, 
foreign governments and random strangers — about 1,000 messages a day, he says at one point — 
writing to seek his advice, solicit his help or simply offer encouragement.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 761 ---
Here are five takeaways from Fauci’s emails.
1. Fauci stayed far away from any Trump-bashing.
Trump blasted the public health expert throughout the pandemic, at one point threatening to fire him 
after the November election. And from time to time, Fauci would criticize the administration's response 
in interviews, although almost always indirectly (in October, he told The Post the country needed an 
“abrupt change” in public health behaviors).
In Fauci's correspondence, he was even more circumspect.
In April 2020, Marc Short, Vice President Mike Pence’s chief of staff, emailed Fauci about some apparent 
crossed wires before Easter Sunday. At the time, Trump was starting to butt heads with public health 
officials as he tried to move on from the pandemic.
“You correctly noticed the symptoms but misdiagnosed the root cause,” Short wrote in a heavily 
redacted email that closes: “Apologies for a poor poker face.”
Fauci responded: “Thanks for the note. Understood. I wish you a peaceful and enjoyable day with your 
family.”
In another exchange, a former acquaintance wrote to Fauci that “The leadership from the top is utterly 
lacking and incompetent and dangerous to the American people.”
“Thank you for your note,” Fauci wrote back. “I hear you!”
2. Fauci didn't like the public adoration.
“Our society is really totally nuts,” Fauci wrote in an email he forwarded, which included the link to an 
article titled “'Cuomo Crush and Fauci Fever' — Sexualization of These Men Is a Real Thing on the 
Internet.”
On March 31, a colleague at the National Institutes of Health sent Fauci an article from The Post with the 
headline, “Fauci socks, Fauci doughnuts, Fauci fan art: The coronavirus expert attracts a cult following.”
“Truly surrealistic. Hopefully, this all stops soon,” Fauci replied. In another note, he added: “It is not at 
all pleasant, that is for sure.”
3. Fauci accepted a sort-of apology from the director of China's public health agency.
George Gao, director of the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, had been quoted in 
Science magazine as saying the United States was making a “big mistake” by not telling people to wear 
masks in spring 2020.
Gao, who has long been friends with Fauci, reached out personally to clarify his remarks.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 762 ---
“I saw the Science interview, how could I say such a word ‘big mistake’ about others? That was 
journalist’s wording. Hope you understand,” Gao wrote to Fauci in a March 28 email. “Lets work 
together to get the virus out of the earth.”
“I understand completely. No problem,” Fauci wrote back. “We will get through this together.”
4. Fauci defended himself to colleagues.
In April 2020, prominent oncologist Ezekiel Emanuel wrote to Fauci that he was “perplexed” by his 
“seeming strong endorsement” of remdesivir. Fauci had publicly praised the antiviral drug, which had 
appeared effective in treating coronavirus patients.
“Was it just a bit forced?” Emanuel wrote. “My reading was the data was weak and in normal times for 
normal disease it is not enough to approve. And very unlikely to really impact COVID-19 disease pattern-
-regardless of supply issues.”
Fauci resisted the characterization, replying that he didn't “'strongly' endorse it.”
“I specifically said it was not a knockout drug and was only a baby step in the direction of developing 
more and better drugs,” Fauci wrote. “I said that it was important because it proved in a well-powered, 
randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial that one can suppress the virus enough to see a clinical 
effect, as modest as the effect was. I do not think I forced anything.”
In an email the following day, Emanuel sent another email apologizing to Fauci and inviting him over for 
dinner “on the porch.”
In another email, Fauci pushed back against Gregg Gonsalves, a prominent Yale School of Public 
Health epidemiologist, after Gonsalves had appeared to insinuate that Trump was influencing him and 
other public health leaders.
“Gregg: I am surprised you included me in your note,” Fauci wrote. “I genuflect to no one but science 
and always, always speak my mind when it comes to public health. I have consistently corrected 
misstatements by others and will continue to do so.”
5. Fauci corresponded with a wide array of people.
He didn't just hear from administration and public health officials. The emails also show exchanges with 
members of Congress and regular citizens. Fauci certainly didn't answer every single email he received, 
but the tranche shows he made an effort to respond amid the many demands on his time.
“The medical director of the National Football League Players Association asked Fauci for a confidential 
briefing on how to safely start the next NFL season,” Damian and Yasmeen write. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 763 ---
“A documentary filmmaker working on a forthcoming Disney-backed biopic asked to ride along as Fauci 
drove to work. An adviser to Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates expressed concern about Fauci’s health. 
And a senior House Republican told Fauci to ‘keep being a science truth teller’ despite skepticism about 
the virus from other GOP lawmakers and Trump himself.”
“I was getting every single kind of question, mostly people who were a little bit confused about the 
mixed messages that were coming out of the White House and wanted to know what’s the real scoop,” 
Fauci said in a recent interview. “I have a reputation that I respond to people when they ask for help, 
even if it takes a long time. And it’s very time consuming, but I do” respond.
Thousands of emails from and to Fauci during 
the pandemic's early days were published. 
Here's what they show about him
While many federal government staffers prefer the phone to email, this correspondence offers a rare 
glimpse into Fauci's frantic schedule and polite, to-the-point demeanor during the time he emerged as a 
rare source of frank honesty within the Trump administration's Covid-19 task force. 
But they also reveal the weight that came with the role. 
By Christina Maxouris and Paul LeBlanc, CNN
June 4, 2021 – Global 171,800,000/3,700,000; USA – 33,100,000/593,400
• I had my usual every two-week meeting with my English colleagues doctor Chris Whitty 
and Patrick Valance. The discussion was somewhat disturbing since they seem to be 
having 2 issues simultaneously in the UK. They were controlling the B.117 variants very 
well and were preparing to open up. however, the B.1. 617variant appears to be much 
more effective in transmitting than the B.117. and so they are experiencing a surge of the 
B 617. They were planning to open up the country , but now they are having second 
thoughts since they are afraid that the new variant will create a second major surge for 
them. I will bring this up to our own medical team since we do have a low level of 
B.1.617 in our own country and if a certain proportion of people (mostly in the red states 
)do not get vaccinated, we may be faced with the same problem that the Brits are facing. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 764 ---
• The onslaught against me but the radical right continues. The right wing press is 
intensifying their attacks on me as well as the right wing congressman and senators.  
some of the valid press such as the Washington Post , the LA Times , and others are 
calling out the lies of the far right.    
POTUS defends me:
 
 
Kyle Griffin
￿@kyleg
riffin1￿
Pool report: Biden left the room to a shouted question 
regarding whether he has confidence in Dr. Fauci. 
Suddenly, POTUS's head peeked around the corner, and 
he answered:
"Yes I'm very confident in Dr. Fauci."
 
6/4/21, 11:30 AM
 
• I did a kickoff event for the month of action – “We can do this”. I did it together with 
congressman Cedric Richmond who is director of the office of public engagement. We 
address the people who will be the trusted messengers going out into the community to 
try and encourage people to get vaccinated. 
Very important and very strange briefing of me by the CIA in the NIH SCIF this afternoon 
(5:00 PM).   I received an extremely strange an unexpected briefing today by the CIA related to 
the origin of the virus. Beth Cameron from NSC was listening in on one of the other screens. 
And as it turns out she was as baffled as I was by the briefing. It was very similar to some of the 
very disappointing briefings that I had previously received in  prior years from the CIA. A young 
woman whose name was Camille Hartman gave most of the briefing. She was accompanied by 
what was probably the senior male CIA person and another young woman. Camille in my mind 
was almost pathetic in her naivety an obvious lack of appreciation of any of the science of what 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 765 ---
she was talking about. She gave instances of things that she said were gotten by CIA intercepts 
of conversations in China, particularly in Wuhan.  her major point was that she feels but the 
Chinese have not been transparent about what was going on in their labs since there were no 
reports publicly of what they found out from intercepts. This included the transfer of Pangolin 
viruses from a group in Beijing two Wu Han. They felt that this was being used in a study using 
transgenic mice. I have no idea why this was any great concern to them since it would be 
perfectly natural for a lab that studies coronavirus to look at Pangolins. In addition,  she spoke 
about the observation that WIV was sampling Pangolins and several members of WIV took a trip 
to obtain Pangolins. They also spoke about the fact that they have information from sources that 
unknown experiments well conducted by the military in Wu Han. The thing that blew me away 
about how naive and uninformed they are was the fact that they mentioned that they had word 
that in July of 2020 there was a super spreading event in China related to passage of virus in the 
laboratory. This astounded Beth and I for the same reason. Why would they suspect that a super 
spreading event that occur in the middle of a major outbreak in China was related to the passage 
of virus in the laboratory?   The  naivete of the briefing stunned both Beth and me. Also, in the 
matter in which she was asking me questions almost made me believe she was grilling me 
prompting me to say somewhat tongue in cheek whether I should have a lawyer with me. I got 
on the phone with Beth immediately after the briefing and she was very upset saying that she 
was going to check up the chain who and why this briefing was called and why there was no 
forwarding material to prepare us for what they were doing. There is something very fishy about 
all of this.   
PRESS:  BBC Radio; White House regional press (3 stations);  Mediaite: Chris Wallace 
Defends Fauci From ‘Highly Political’ Attacks: His Lab Leak Emails Contain ‘No Smoking 
Gun’  https://bit.ly/3ciVYik
June 5, 2021 Global – 172,200,000/3,700,000; USA – 33,200,000/594.,000
40th anniversary of the first cases of AIDS reported in MMWR  - a lot of appropriate 
attention is being paid to the 40th anniversary. There were several articles in the press recounting 
the early days and focusing on my role . I did a number of print and TV and radio interviews.  
The attacks on me continue to ramp up. Trump planning on blasting me during his speech 
tonight at a Republican party gathering. 
PRESS: Caught in crosshairs, Fauci calls GOP 
descriptions of his emails 'profoundly 
misleading'
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 766 ---
By Michael Warren, Kaitlan Collins, Gabby Orr and Daniella Diaz, CNN
June 6, 2021  -  Global -   USA
Today I fly up to New York City with first lady doctor Jill Biden to promote vaccinations 
among the African American community. We will be visiting the Abyssinian church in 
Harlem. 
The vicious assault on me continues . Most recently House Minority Leader Kevin 
McCarthy has called for me to be fired. What an amazing coward he is. The entire extreme 
right wing republican group in the House and Senate have completely sold their soul to the 
infinitely lying ex president trump.
• I spoke with Jeff Zients this morning and he told me that Ron Klain told him that 
President Biden is 100% behind me (see above). 
June 7, 2021 – Global – 173,000,000/3,700,000; USA – 33,200,000/594,800
• Eventful day - I went to New York today with first lady doctor Jill Biden for two 
reasons: 1st )to visit the Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem in order to thank them for 
setting up a vaccine clinic and to encourage them to continue to advocate for young 
people to get vaccinated. I flew up with the first lady on one of the Air Force planes 
assigned to the White House and had a great conversation with her on the plane up as 
well as on the plane down. She is an amazingly natural and one person with whom I 
believe we have now started a good friendship. The people at the Abyssinian church or 
extremely kind to me in saying how much they appreciated that I was there and all of 
them wanting to take selfies with me. We stayed at the Bowery hotel at the interface 
between Chinatown and the Bowery. i was surprised that we picked the hotel Since 
where we want to go for the TV hit the following morning was way Uptown. Brett 
Rowland and I had a great Italian dinner at the Primi restaurant in the Bowery. The 
following day the first lady and I appeared together on the Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest 
Show (KABC). It was very lighthearted and enjoyable. 
   Another very important aspect of the day is that as I was getting ready to take off 
with the motorcade from the White House on the way to Andrews Air Force Base, the 
president came walking down the back alley , the Secret Service called me out of the car , 
and the president put both his hands on both my shoulders and said “I just want to tell 
you that I am behind you 1000%”; and he repeated again “I am behind you 1000%.” He 
said “those people are crazy they have no idea what they're talking about and just don't 
pay any attention to them.” 
• Back to the dark side. Scott Gottlieb had appeared on Face the Nation and mentioned in 
an attempt to help me then I had actually gone to Europe in Jan/Feb. 2020 to brief health 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 767 ---
ministers about the possibility that the virus could have been constructed an escape from 
the laboratory. He did this to indicate that I was not hiding anything because I already 
knew that this was a possibility and so I didn't change my mind currently by saying that a 
lab leak is a possibility since I was talking about it openly back then.  As it turns out, he 
was a little bit mixed up because on January 31st, 2020 I received a call from Jeremy 
Farrar who conferenced in Christian Andersen to tell me that Ed Holmes and Christian 
had seen a copy of the sequence of the virus and felt that there was a possibility that 
because of the unusual furin cleavage site that this could possibly have been a constructed 
virus. as indicated in my notes of January 31st and February 1st , 2020, since I am not an 
evolutionary biologist I called together by phone a group knowledgeable scientist 
together with Francis Collins and a few other people to discuss this. After a considerable 
amount of discussion about half of the people felt that this was possibly a constructed 
virus and the other half were convinced that this was a natural occurrence. A few weeks 
later Christian Andersen got together with Bob Garry and Andrew Rambaut to examine 
this more carefully and they came to the conclusion that they were convinced that this.  
was a natural occurrence and a jump from the animal reservoir. They published their data 
in a preprint server in February followed by a nature paper in March of 2020 . That is the 
reason why it appears that a I briefed people which I did not . I was briefed by them . 
Scott had said that I had briefed a group of international health people he seemed to have 
gotten some of the story wrong , but overall he was correct. 
Cases continue to come down:
June 8, 2021 – Global – 173,3000,000/3,700,000;  USA – 33,200,000/595,300
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 768 ---
Cases continue to come down:
Far right still slamming away.   It is very clear that this is a well-organized effort.
PRESS: Interview with Dutch newspaper NRC Handelsbad – Bas Blokker interviewer; 
Smithsonian Channel TV Documentary (Israel) – “Vaxxed Nation”; Harvard Nieman 
Foundation of Journalism – Fireside Chat – with Jeneen Interlandi (NY Times); White 
House Pressor (I discussed Delta variant in UK and danger to USA)
Blinken casts doubt on 
methodology of coronavirus 
lab-leak report
Reuters
This is report from Lawrence Livermore Lab that supposed lent credence to the lab leak 
hypothesis, which it did not. Blinken got it right here by saying the report was flawed.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 769 ---
Terrific article in the LA Times strongly defending me: Column: The 
right’s attack on Fauci shows it has nothing in its 
policy tank but slogans
By MICHAEL HILTZIK BUSINESS COLUMNIST 
JUNE 8, 2021 5 AM PT
Another great article in the Miami Herald defending me:
Despite Trump’s new round of bullying, Fauci 
says COVID likely didn’t leak from a Chinese 
lab | Opinion
BY ANDRES OPPENHEIMER
JUNE 08, 2021 09:13 AM, 
UPDATED 19 MINUTES AGO
LA TIMES – MICHAEL HILTZIK:
Column: A Nobel laureate backs off from 
claiming a ‘smoking gun’ for the COVID-19 lab-
leak theory 
June 9, 2021 – Global – 173,700,000/3,700,000; USA – 33,200,000/595,600
Today the president went to England on the first leg of the trip involving the G7 summit. 
With regard to COVID-19, he has a very important message to deliver which I am very pleased 
about. He will announce that the United States will give away 500 million doses of the Pfizer 
vaccine to countries that do not have the capability of getting their own vaccine. I have been 
pushing for this for some time with Jeff and I have even spoken to the President and VP about 
the need to take a leadership role in getting vaccines to the lower and middle income countries. 
This is a first step towards vaccinating the world and to having the United States resume our 
leadership role throughout the world.   I will continue to push to have technology transfer to the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 770 ---
developing world so that ultimately they may be able to make their own vaccine. But for now, 
the role of the United states as a world leader has been clearly affirmed by the President's action  
PRESS: CNN with Erika Hill; Podcast with former Congressman Pete Sessions; MSNBC 
“Meet the Press Daily” with Chuck Todd; Wall Street Journal Tech Summit; My picture 
was on the 1st page of the Style Section of the Washington Post together with Jill Biden and 
Debra Frazier-Howse
Washington Post:
Biden administration to buy 500 million Pfizer 
coronavirus vaccine doses to donate to the 
world
By 
Tyler Pager
and 
Emily Rauhala
June 10, 2021 – Global – 174,000,000/3,800,000;  USA – 33,200,000/596,000
Cases still low:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 771 ---
• I had a really nice conversation with Chuck Todd this morning. He had texted me to 
ask what I thought of the interview yesterday. I told him that I thought it was absolutely 
terrific, but I wanted some advice from him . I asked him whether he thought that I 
should pull back from publicly defending myself against the slanderous attacks since that 
might call more attention to them. He completely agreed and said that Fox News and 
people like Tucker Carlson would use anything I say as the theme for their next show. 
Chuck is really an excellent journalist and although he must maintain his objectivity and 
reporting it is very clear that he is really being a friend in understanding the difficult 
position that I am in. 
• Did Fireside chats with Irini Sereti; Bio Annual Meeting Fireside chat with Julie 
Gerbelding; “Reaching adolescents” interview with Vivek Murthy
PRESS: Univision Interview with Ilia Calderone; Washington Post - Only in our 
anti-truth hellscape could Anthony Fauci 
become a supervillain
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 772 ---
Anthony S. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases, listens during a Senate hearing last month. (Stefani Reynolds/Pool/AP)
By Margaret Sullivan
Media columnist
June 10, 2021 at 7:00 a.m. EDT
June 11, 2021 – Global – 174,500,000/3,800,000; USA – 33,300,000/597,000
Press are beginning to push back and point out how ridiculous the criticism of me is (see below 
in Vanity Fair)
• Did multiple outreach chats today with mayor Muriel Bowser, with the college challenge 
event and with two White House arranged interactions with young “influencers “ 
• Also have a zoom meeting with David Kessler , Peter Staley, and  James Krellenstein. 
Peter and James have been pushing to have the United States government make a major 
investment in Lanza, which is the company that produces the doses for Moderna. David 
explained to them that there is enormous capacity with the mRNA companies themselves 
and so was not particularly amenable to going straight to Lanza. I have been trying to 
broker an understanding between Peter and James and David , but I'm not so sure how 
successful I would be 
• .  The data were extremely exciting with a 90.4% vaccine efficacy and 100% efficacy 
against severe disease. We are becoming almost complacent with these spectacular 
results about vaccine efficacy . However, this result will add an important component to 
our armamentarium  
PRESS: NDTV New Delhi, India;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 773 ---
Republicans Are One Week Away From 
Demanding Anthony Fauci Be Deported to 
Wuhan
Conservatives are obsessed with the baseless idea that the veteran immunologist had something to do 
with COVID-19’s origins.
By Bess Levin
June 12, 2021 – Global    USA
• had our usual medical team meeting with Jeff this AM (Sat).  The important good news is 
that the president's announcement a 500 million doses of vaccine going to low and 
middle income countries is going across very well throughout the world. As the president 
has said, “America is back “ in our rightful leadership role. 
• Had a very good conversation today with Hugo Crosthwaite and Taina Caragol.  
Hugo is a famous artist who will be doing a commissioned “motion” portrait of me for 
the National Portrait Gallery.   Taina works for the NPG.  The theme of the portrait is the 
show that I have been the symbol of truth and science and have been attacked by the 
forces of untruth and evil. His prior work is in an unusual medium where he those pencil 
drawings of a person Anne photographs them to look like a mini movie picture. I have 
seen some of his work and it is extraordinary and spectacular. I am looking forward to 
seeing what the result will be. The results should be sometime at the end of the year.  
PRESS: New York Times (Davey Alba) - No, Fauci is not profiting from a 
coming book on lessons he’s learned from his public service.
The above article points out the fact that despite Nat Geo making it very clear that I 
received no money from their book the far right including many GOP congressman I still 
insisting that I was profiting while people were dying. The extraordinary crazyness 
continues. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 774 ---
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 775 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 776 ---
June 17, 2021 – Global   USA
Participated in Faith Vaccine Roundtable – young Muslim messengers
PRESS:  NPR “Morning Edition” with Leila Fadel; did the White House Press Conference 
– I announced the new $3.2 billion Antiviral Program for Pandemics, which a 2 pillar 
program for Development and Discovery of antivirals for COVID-19 and other viruses of 
pandemic potential; 
Great Article in Politico that describes the lies of the Trump people about the “lab leak” 
theory:
Top Trump officials pushed the Covid-19 lab-leak theory. 
Investigators had doubts.
New documents and interviews show how the president and his senior aides cherry-picked evidence and 
sidelined the government’s own virus sleuths.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 777 ---
A Northwell Health lab technician uses the Abbott ID NOW Covid-19 rapid tester on a participant before 
a news conference on April 14, 2021, in Elmont , N.Y. | Mary Altaffer, Pool/AP Photo
By ERIN BANCO and DANIEL LIPPMAN
Really good article in Politico:
Hamburgers, Fauci and election fraud: How Biden World combats disinformation
The White House has two dozen staffers working on it. And they’ve outsourced even more.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 778 ---
President Joe Biden stops to talk to the media as 
he drives a Ford F-150 Lightning truck at Ford Dearborn Development Center, May 18 in Dearborn, Mich. 
| Evan Vucci/AP Photo
By NATASHA KORECKI
06/16/2021 11:48 AM EDT
 From “the Sun”
Froma Harrop: The right’s 
real problem with Dr. 
Anthony Fauci
As the virus threat recedes, not every pronouncement Fauci 
makes will grab headlines, but he's not there for that. He's there 
to do the science. The right-wing attacks on him can't be 
pleasant, but Fauci will end his long career with a legacy of 
public service and, importantly, his dignity intact.
Donald Trump is no longer president. COVID-19 is no longer the threat it 
was. And Dr. Anthony Fauci, America’s top infectious disease expert, is back 
to more routine briefings on vaccination rates and such. So why does Fauci 
remain so much in the news?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 779 ---
Because the Trump camp can’t stop bashing him. And why is that? Why does 
the right continue to portray this mild-mannered public official as the enemy?
It may be that Fauci publicly refuted some of Trump’s ignorant musings 
during that presidency, but that’s not really it. Republicans such as Texas 
Sen. Ted Cruz hit at Trump in the past. During the 2016 campaign, Cruz 
called Trump a “sniveling coward.”
The difference is that Cruz later came crawling on his belly to praise Trump, 
a man who insinuated that his father helped kill JFK and that his wife was 
ugly. Fauci never made that kind of round trip. Nor would he.
And what surely riles the right even more than Fauci’s refusal to cave is that 
he didn’t care. Fauci saw Trump as a politician to manage rather than to fear. 
The lack of abject submission punched a few holes in the Trumpian myth 
centered on an all-powerful authority.
Fauci met the attacks on him with sighs. He responded to nutty declarations 
on science with patient correction. The right wants angry conflict, and Fauci 
never delivered on his end.
We now have the sad sight of another Texan sacrificing his good family 
name to appease Trump. George P. Bush is campaigning to be the 
Republican nominee for Texas attorney general on the wings of Trump’s 
remark that he was “the only Bush who got it right.” It’s printed right on 
George P.’s campaign beverage sleeves.
George P. is the son of former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, whom Trump demeaned as 
“Low-Energy Jeb.” Trump tweeted that Jeb “has to like the Mexican Illegals because 
of his wife,” who immigrated from Mexico. That Mexican immigrant would be 
George P.’s mother.
George P. is the nephew of former President George W. Bush, whom Trump 
maligned after George W. put out a video applauding health care workers but 
not praising him. He is the grandson of former President George H.W. Bush, 
who found Trump so appalling he voted for Democrat Hillary Clinton in 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 780 ---
2016. And Trump wasn’t invited to speak at the grandfather’s funeral as 
presidents traditionally do.
If George P. Bush’s name had been George P. Jones, his political rise 
undoubtedly would have been less smooth. But now he’s shocking a lot of 
Bush family admirers in his quest to receive a pat on the head from Trump — 
or at least not a swat. Sure, a lot of Texas Republican primary voters worship 
Trump, but is winning a nomination for state office worth losing one’s 
honor?
It’s a guarantee that Fauci would not kiss the rear end of anyone who insulted 
his family. What we have here is a short guy from Brooklyn basically 
brushing off Trump’s menacing antics while swaggering Texas Republicans 
collapse at the sign of a New Yorker’s displeasure.
And there’s one other reason for Trump’s continued obsession with Fauci: 
envy. Trump is fading from national prominence. Even Fox News no longer 
carries all his speeches live.
But Fauci goes on. He’s still respected by the sort of people whose respect serious 
leaders want. His polls numbers remain high.
As the virus threat recedes, not every pronouncement Fauci makes will grab 
headlines, but he’s not there for that. He’s there to do the science. The right-
wing attacks on him can’t be pleasant, but Fauci will end his long career with 
a legacy of public service and, importantly, his dignity intact.
June 18, 2021 – Global – 177,000,000/3,800,000; USA – 33,300,000/600,000
Received important e-mail with attachment from Jesse Bloom:
Hi Francis, Stephen, and Toni,
I’m just writing to give you a heads up that I identified a data set of early Wuhan SARS-CoV-2 sequences 
that has been deleted from the NIH’s Sequence Read Archive (SRA). I was able to recover the deleted 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 781 ---
files from the Google Cloud and analyze the sequences, and have attached a pre-print on the analysis 
that I just submitted for posting by bioRxiv.
Since SARS-CoV-2 origins and early spread has become a hot-button topic, I wanted to give you a heads 
up. I made sure to emphasize in the discussion that the SRA has many sequences and so isn’t in a 
position to vet all deletions. Nonetheless, I think it would be highly worthwhile to do a comprehensive 
analysis of SRA (and other NIH) data that might be relevant to this topic that could have been deleted or 
otherwise overlooked. If I can be of any assistance, let me know.
I have been running a pipeline to identify additional deleted SRA data using various heuristics including 
those in described in the attached pre-print, but have not yet completed the analysis enough to know 
the extent that the data I have recovered is relevant to SARS-CoV-2’s origins or early spread. But as I 
mention in the pre-print, there are two known SRR deletions that are worth looking at. I definitely think 
it would be good to perform a SRA side search as well, since that will obviously be easier and more 
efficient, and could identify deleted data not on the cloud.
Anyway, I hope overall this can be a good opportunity for the NIH to take the lead by using its 
remarkable data archives to make progress in resolving some of the important questions about the 
virus’s origins.
Thanks,
Jesse
----
Jesse Bloom
Associate Professor, Fred Hutch Cancer Research Center
Affiliate Associate Professor, Genome Sciences & Microbiology, University of Washington
Investigator, Howard Hughes Medical Institute
paper.pdf
I believe that it was somewhat imprudent on the part of Jesse bloom to make statements such as 
he has that indicate nefarious motives on the part of the Chinese when we have no idea why they 
deleted the sequences. He used words such as “obscure” and “surreptitious” which will certainly 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 782 ---
create a firestorm when conspiracy theorists read it. The best thing to do is to have Frances and I 
again convene a group of evolutionary virologists to discuss the potential meaning of this . We 
will do this two days from now on Sunday June 20. See below.  
Cases at around 12,000 per day
NIH helped fund research 
involving donated fetal 
tissue, but Fauci was not 
directly involved
PRESS:  Excellent refutation of the lab leak hypothesis in The Guardian:
Though it is newly respectable, the Wuhan lab 
theory remains fanciful
David Robert Grimes
June 19, 2021 -  Global   USA
 Horrible roller coaster day – Due to some acute transient right posterior chest pain 2 days 
ago, Ted Li order a CT scan. - I got a call from the radiologist at Sibley hospital where 
I had gotten a chest CT in the morning telling me that I had a lesion in my right lower 
lobe that he felt was a cancer (non-small cell carcinoma). I felt like I got hit like by a 
Mack truck. Doctor Li quickly followed up on this and show the film to Andrew Lerner 
at Sibley who is a pulmonologist specializing in pulmonary nodules. Doctor Lerner felt 
that it was more likely an inflammatory lesion and there were multiple other lesions that 
were very small throughout the right lower lobe. In addition, I had a pulmonary infarct in 
the right lowest segment that was definite. Again, Dr. Li called David Hellmann Who 
was with his son who is an oncologist who looked at it and said that it looks more benign 
then neoplastic and felt that it did not look like a non-small cell carcinoma. Finally, they 
showed the films via computer to Dr. Elliot Fishman who is the top radiologist at 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 783 ---
Hopkins. He agreed that it was more likely inflammatory and that the only definite thing 
on the film was the pulmonary infarct. He recommended a follow-up CT in three months 
and begin anticoagulation immediately with Eliquis.
● Chris and I viewed the “FAUCI” documentary doe by Nat/Geo together with the 
leadership of Nat/Geo films at the national geographic headquarters on 17th Street, NW.  
Very impressive film.
● At the request of the White House I did a walking tour of the Anacostia neighborhood Of 
Washington DC together with Mayor Muriel Bowser. we started off at anacostia high 
school where we thanked the volunteers in the basketball gym who were administering 
vaccines to people in the neighborhood . We then went on and addressed the volunteers 
in the schoolyard of Kramer Middle School.  After that, the mayor and I went door to 
door knocking on the doors and encouraging people in the neighborhood to get 
vaccinated. We did that for about an hour and 15 minutes. it got written up the next day 
in the Washington Post (see below).
PRESS:     Washington Post:  “For Ward 8 residents, coronavirus vaccine appeal comes 
with a touch of celebrity: ‘It’s Fauci!”  https://wapo.st/3vFzhLZ 
June 20, 2021 – Global   USA
Uneventful and somewhat relaxing day . Still trying to process the news from yesterday. Will 
have to live with uncertainty for the next three months. 
As indicated above, Francis Collins organized a zoom call for today with a group of 
evolutionary biologists as well as Steve Sherry from the NIH databank in order to discuss this 
issue. Jesse bloom was also on the call. See email below from Francis having organized the 
meeting:
From: Collins, Francis (NIH/OD) [E] <collinsf@od.nih.gov> 
Sent: Sunday, June 20, 2021 2:33 PM
To: Tabak, Lawrence (NIH/OD) [E] <lawrence.tabak@nih.gov>; Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<afauci@niaid.nih.gov>; Embry, Alan (NIH/NIAID) [E] <embrya@niaid.nih.gov>; Sherry, Steve 
(NIH/NLM/NCBI) [E] <sherry@ncbi.nlm.nih.gov>
Cc: Kristian G. Andersen <kga1978@gmail.com>; Bedford, Trevor <tbedford@fredhutch.org>; Bloom 
PhD, Jesse D <jbloom@fredhutch.org>; Garry, Robert F <rfgarry@TULANE.EDU>; 
rasmus_nielsen@berkeley.edu; spond@temple.edu
Subject: RE: URGENT: Seeking your expert advice
Allow me to suggest this agenda:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 784 ---
1) Introductions
2) Retrieval of SARS-CoV-2 reads deleted from SRA by submitter – Jesse Bloom
3) NCBI SOPs for handling submitter requests to delete reads in SRA – Steve Sherry
4) Likelihood of other sequence deletions from SRA? – Steve Sherry
5) Significance of this new sequence information for origin of SARS-CoV-2 – Jesse, Kristian, 
Trevor, Bob, Rasmus, Sergei
6) Discussion and next steps – All
Looking forward to the discussion.
Francis
Please see the people copied on the above email for a list of those who were present at the 
zoom call. The only person on the list who was not there was Trevor Bedford who could not 
make the zoom connection. After considerable discussion among the group,  it became clear 
that Jesse Bloom had really jumped the gun and made assumptions that the Chinese were 
surreptitiously hiding sequences by deleting them. Several of the scientists including Sergei 
Pond and Rasmus Nielsen felt that the sequences that were deleted and ultimately recovered 
partially were not of any particular consequence in shedding any light on the origin of SARS Co 
V2.  The entire group felt that this was an inappropriate move on the part of Jesse to publish a 
single author paper making serious innuendos without running it by anyone else. As it turns out 
after discussion with Steve Sherry  who is in charge of the NIH Sequence Read Archive (SRA) 
from which the sequences were deleted, it became clear that this is not an unusual occurrence 
for scientists to delete sequences if they are found to be either inaccurate , not up to date, or 
listed on another databank. He went back and looked at the required email to have the Wuhan 
sequences deleted, and the Chinese had indicated that they were removing it because they 
were putting it on their own separate database. According to Steve this would be a perfectly 
valid reason to remove a sequence. This obviously is going to cause us a lot of difficulty since 
those who feel that the Chinese are trying to cover up a lab leak will certainly say that this 
deletion of sequences proves that that is the case. It is really a shame that Jesse acted really in 
my opinion somewhat immaturely in making inflammatory statements in a preprint without 
further investigating the reasons behind the deletions. 
The NIH came out with the following statement in response to press inquiries regarding the 
Bloom preprint:
NIH is aware of Dr. Bloom’s preprint submission. Staff at the National Library of Medicine, which hosts 
the Sequence Read Archive (SRA), have reviewed the submitting investigator’s request to withdraw the 
data. These SARS-CoV-2 sequences were submitted for posting in SRA in March 2020 and subsequently 
requested to be withdrawn by the submitting investigator in June 2020. The requestor indicated the 
sequence information had been updated, was being submitted to another database, and wanted the 
data removed from SRA to avoid version control issues. The submitting investigator published relevant 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 785 ---
information about these sequences by preprint in March, 2020 and in a journal in June, 2020. 
Submitting investigators hold the rights to their data and can request withdrawal of the data. 
Currently, the National Library of Medicine (NLM) has no plans to change the policy that recognizes 
submitters rights to their own data and the right to petition that their data be withdrawn from the 
Sequence Read Archive (SRA). The National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI), part of the 
NLM that manages the database, is the U.S. participating member of the International Nucleotide 
Sequence Database Collaboration, which provides guidelines for withdrawing data: 
http://www.insdc.org/documents/insdc-status-document. NLM/NCBI can’t speculate on motive beyond 
a submitter’s stated intentions.  
 
 
June 21, 2021 – Global -178,000,000/3,900,000; USA – 33,400,000/600,000
Did an Instagam live with FGOTUS Doug Emhoff and Dikembe Mutombo to encourage 
people to get vaccinated.    We are putting a full-court press in encouraging people to get 
vaccinated.
Did TIKTOK interviews (rapid fire questions) from 8 young TIKTOK “influencers who 
amazingly have millions of followers
FOX News is blasting me for saying that an attack on md is an attack on science.   I am going to 
go on the offensive against them.   To me, it is a badge of honor to be criticized by FOX.
Important article in the Post today by Joel Achenbach (see below)
PRESS:   NY Times by Carl Zimmer and James Gorman:
Fight Over Covid’s Origins Renews 
Debate on Risks of Lab Work
Excerpt from above NY Times article:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 786 ---
“When questioning Dr. Fauci last month, Senator Paul brought up one of the most cited 
examples of gain-of-function research, a study of coronaviruses done by Ralph Baric at 
the University of North Carolina published in Nature Medicine in 2015. Working with 
data sent from Shi Zhengli, the director of the Wuhan Institute of Virology, Dr. Baric 
and his colleagues built a new coronavirus from an existing one. All of the work was 
done in the North Carolina lab, and neither Dr. Zhengli nor members of her lab 
participated.
The so-called chimeric virus that resulted was not more pathogenic than the parental 
virus, Dr. Baric said. “This work was approved by the N.I.H.., was peer-reviewed, P3CO 
reviewed and approved,” Dr. Baric wrote in an email last month. The work also 
“involved a very different strain of beta coronavirus than the one that causes Covid-19,” 
he said, and was considered low risk because of the particular strain in question.
In the paper, he and his colleagues cautioned others about similar research. “The 
potential to prepare for and mitigate future outbreaks must be weighed against the risk 
of creating more dangerous pathogens,” they wrote.”
Peter Hotez writing in the Daily Beast:
The Unique Terror 
of Being a COVID 
Scientist After Jan. 
6
THE NEXT WAR
It’s no coincidence that one of the first guilty pleas in connection with the Capitol 
riot was of an anti-vaxxer.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 787 ---
Peter J. Hotez
Updated Jun. 21, 2021 4:43AM ET / Published Jun. 21, 2021 3:35AM ET 
Alex Wong/Getty
Being a scientist was not exactly fun during the height of the coronavirus 
pandemic in America. But somehow, even as cases and deaths are way 
down in the United States, the attacks on us are worse than ever.
Take Anthony Fauci, a punching bag for the far right since the earliest 
days of the outbreak. The “Fire Fauci Act,” a twisted piece of legislation 
first introduced by Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene in April, gained 
additional Republican support this past week, now reaching at least a 
dozen House members.
That leaders of the GOP would go out of their way to reduce Dr. Fauci’s 
salary to zero and ultimately force his retirement must be examined for 
what it really is. This is no simple beef with someone who was frequently 
targeted by the administration and its allies under Donald Trump. It is, 
instead, a piece of a much larger and systematic anti-science project on 
the far right, one that is increasingly hard to separate from the Stop the 
Steal myth powering the right-wing fringe.
CNN: 'Let me give you a flash': Hear Dr. Fauci fire back at 
critics   https://cnn.it/35FZOy9 
Washington Post
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 788 ---
Health
Scientists battle over the ultimate origin story: 
Where did the coronavirus come from?
By 
Joel Achenbach
June 20, 2021 at 5:58 p.m. EDT
June 22, 2021 – Global     USA
● Had podcast with the Conference of Mayors
Vaccinations coming along very well:
PRESS:  BBCTV with Katty Kay; CNN “The Lead” with Jake Tapper; MSNBC “All In” 
with Chris Hayes
 Very good interview on New York Times “Sway” with Cara Swisher:
NYT/Sway: Anthony Fauci on the Lab Leak Theory and Emailing Mark Zuckerberg 
https://nyti.ms/2UfIr4K 
The Hill: Poll: 61 percent say Fauci has been truthful to the best of his knowledge on COVID-
19 origins;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 789 ---
NPR Radio – 1A; 
The New Yorker:
Anthony Fauci, Lifeguard
The doctor is in, no matter what time of year.
By Barry Blitt
June 24, 2021 – Global – 179,000,000/3,900,000; USA – 33,400,000/600,000
I had another terrific day with First Lady Dr. Jill Biden. We flew to Florida from Andrews 
with all the bells and whistles of motorcades to visit two cities: Osceola County near Orlando 
and Tampa Bay. We have become somewhat of a good team together in visiting with the sites 
that were administering the vaccine, mingling with both the people who are being vaccinated as 
well as the staff who were doing the vaccinating. At each stop both doctor Biden and I made 
remarks and spoke with the press. Of particular note was the visit to Tampa Bay where we met 
with Mr. Jeff Vinik, the owner of the Tampa Bay Lightning , the hockey team that would be 
playing the 7th game of the semifinals for the Stanley Cup finals the following day. They gave 
both Jill and I our own jerseys with our names on them. We gave our speech on the ice of the 
arena where the Tampa Bay Lightning plays. I am getting to be quite good friends with Jill and I 
think that our relationship will strengthen as we continue working together.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 790 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 791 ---
June 23, 2021 – Global – 179,000,000/3,900,000; USA – 33,400,000/600,000
Did an Instagram with Jennifer Garner on vaccines.  She was wonderful as she was last time.  
We spoke of the vaccination of her 3 children.
Cong. Stephen Scalise wants to hold a panel on the originals that would be a “set-up” to 
attack Francis Collins and me:
2021.06.22 Fauci 
Invite.pdf
Here is the announcement of the “set-up” hearing.  We would be crazy to honor it.   The 
Panel 1 are a bunch of wackos:
Select Subcommittee Republicans 
Announce Expert Witness Forum on 
COVID-19 Origins
Forum to be held with expert witnesses on Tuesday, June 29
WASHINGTON—On Tuesday, June 29 at 12:00 p.m. ET, Republican Whip and Select 
Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis Ranking Member Steve Scalise (R-La.), House 
Committee on Oversight and Reform Ranking Member James Comer (R-Ky.), and 
Select Subcommittee Republican lawmakers will hold a forum with expert witnesses to 
examine the origins of the coronavirus. For more than a year now, Republicans have 
repeatedly called on Democrats to investigate the mounting evidence showing the virus 
originated from the Wuhan Institute of Virology (WIV) lab, but Democrats continue 
refusing to launch an investigation.
“The left-wing media called it a ‘fringe conspiracy theory,’ Big Tech censored it, activists 
in white lab coats dismissed it and Democrats ignored it, but there is growing evidence 
Communist China started the pandemic, covered it up, and is responsible for the deaths 
of more than 600,000 Americans and millions more worldwide,” said Scalise and 
Comer. “Despite Speaker Pelosi’s efforts to create diversions and cover this up, the 
American people deserve the truth and are demanding accountability, and House 
Republicans will insist on getting these answers.
“The House Democrat majority’s refusal to follow the science, listen to the experts, and 
investigate the origins of COVID-19 is a dereliction of their duty. Next week, Select 
Subcommittee Republicans will hold a forum with expert witnesses to advance our 
investigation into the origins of COVID-19,” added Scalise and Comer. “The American 
people deserve to know the truth, even if Washington Democrats refuse to seek it.”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 792 ---
It was recently reported that three researchers from the Wuhan lab became ill with 
symptoms consistent with COVID-19 and sought hospital care in November 2019. 
Additionally, Dr. Fauci’s recently released emails from February 2020 reveal that 
scientists raised the possibility of a lab leak and also expressed concern the virus 
appeared to be engineered. 
WHAT:  Select Subcommittee expert forum entitled “Led By Science: The COVID-19 
Origin Story”
WHEN:  Tuesday, June 29 at 12:00 p.m. ET
WHERE:  HVC-215, Capitol Visitors Center
WHO:
Witness Panel I
● The Honorable Brett P. Giroir, former Assistant Secretary for Health, U.S. 
Department of Health and Human Services: Admiral Giroir brings firsthand 
knowledge about the public health response to the COVID-19 pandemic. As 
COVID-19 testing czar, he oversaw creating a nationwide testing apparatus 
from scratch which was made particularly difficult by China’s lack of 
transparency. Admiral Giroir will also discuss the investigatory failures of 
the World Health Organization and why a U.S.-led origins investigation is 
vital.
● Dr. David Asher, Senior Fellow, Hudson Institute: Dr. Asher has decades of 
national security experience and most recently led the U.S. Department of 
State’s COVID-19 origins investigation. His testimony will provide inside 
information into the origins investigation and the role of the Chinese 
government’s efforts to block a thorough and impartial investigation.
● Dr. Richard Muller, Emeritus Professor of Physics, University of California 
Berkeley: Dr. Muller is an acclaimed scientist that used his own research to 
study available data in attempting to determine the origins of COVID-19. He 
recently penned an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal pointing out there is 
strong evidence COVID-19 was developed in a laboratory using gain-of-
function acceleration. 
● Dr. Steven Quay, Founder, Atossa Therapeutics: Dr. Quay is one of a 
growing number of scientists dedicated to finding the origins of COVID-19. 
He has conducted his own research using the publicly available viral data 
and reached conclusions apart from outside influence. He brings 
significant scientific expertise to this endeavor including over 87 patents 
and hundreds of published scientific articles.
Member Panel
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 793 ---
● The Honorable Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Member of Congress
● The Honorable Michael McCaul, Member of Congress
● The Honorable Devin Nunes, Member of Congress
● The Honorable Mike Gallagher, Member of Congress
Witness Panel II (invited but hasn’t yet accepted)
● The Honorable Francis Collins, Director, National Institutes of Health
● Dr. Anthony Fauci, Director, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases
● Dr. David Hassell, Chairman, P3CO
WATCH:  A livestream will be available HERE.
PRESS: WSJ: Dr. Fauci and the Mask Disaster; CBS “This Morning” with Anthony 
Mason; NBC “Today” with Savannah Guthrie; Month of Action interviews with 
influencers on TikTok and Instagram (one with Jennifer Garner)
June 24, 2021 – 
Had a great day with FLOTUS Dr. Jill Biden - I flew on one of the presidential planes with 
Dr. Jill Biden, assembling at the White House for the motorcade to Andrews Air Force Base. 
Brett  Rowland came with me.  We went to Florida for a two city stop to promote vaccines. The 
first stop was at Osceola County near Orlando. The next stop was at Tampa Bay where we did a 
vaccine promotion event right on the ice in the arena that is used by the Tampa Bay Lightning 
team. Of note, tomorrow the team plays the 7th game of a seven game semifinal before the 
Stanley Cup finals . They will be playing the New York Islanders. We had a nice conversation 
with Jeff Vinik and his family. Jeff is the owner of the hockey team and he gave me a team 
jersey with my name on it as well as a team jersey to Jill with her name on it. It was a very 
productive day as both Jill and I gave speeches at each of the locations and encourage the 
workers there and the people lined up to get vaccinated. No doubt Jill and I are now developing a 
very strong relationship, as we really have developed a comfortable and warm rapport with each 
other. 
June 25, 2021 - Global – 180,000,000/3,900,000; USA – 33,400,000/601,000
I did something this morning that I feel very good about. I went over to the clinical center and 
participated in the “graduation ceremony” of the people in project search who are a group of 
handicapped individuals who underwent a training program here at NIH and were then given 
jobs here. I did selfies with each and every one of them, took a group photo, and gave them a pep 
talk about why their work is so important. I have such empathy for people who through no fault 
of their own were dealt a difficult hand in life. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 794 ---
As a bit of background, Mayor Bill Di Blasio of New York City had invited me to be the 
Grand Marshal of the parade of heroes for the 4th of July weekend in New York City . It 
would be similar to the ticket tape parades that honored returning war generals. The purpose of 
the parade was to honor health care workers and first responders to the outbreak in New York 
City period, and since I am a well-known New Yorker, he wanted to make me the Grand 
Marshall of the parade. I did not think that this would be appropriate since we have not yet 
controlled the outbreak and since those people (far right radical GOP) who have been attacking 
me viciously over the last several weeks would probably have a field day if I did that , I decided 
that I would express my gratitude for the invitation but would decline. On my way in the 
motorcade between airports in Florida yesterday (Friday) Bill called me up on my cell phone to 
see what my decision was about the invitation. I explained to him my reason for declining, and 
thankfully he was extremely gracious and understood . He promised me that he would get 
another chance to honor me for what I have done for New York City and for the country. 
Had meeting in my office with Dr. Jeff Lehman, former president of Cornell University and 
now current American President and Vice Chancellor of NYU in Shanghai. Jeff has been in 
Shanghai for the last nine years and has considerable insight into the Chinese culture. He asked 
to visit me to explain to me what his take is on the tension between the United States and China 
around the Wuhan laboratory and COVID-19. I believe that he got everything about right in that 
it is extremely unlikely at the Chinese are truly hiding anything substantive. Because of their 
suspicious and somewhat paranoid nature it is likely that they were in denial about the outbreak 
in the early months and we're not really trying to hide anything but we're trying with almost 
wishful thinking that it would go away without anybody knowing about it. However, they did 
quickly come around identify the virus and make the sequence publicly known. This argues 
against any attempt to truly hide anything. All of the other stuff is a reflection of their suspicious 
nature. He also feels that there was no way that they would allow an outside investigative group 
into their labs anymore then we would allow a Chinese-led international group to come to the 
Fredrick lab.  Jeff believes as I do that the only way to make any headway in all of this is to have 
a good faith collaboration between Chinese and other international scientists including United 
States scientists in order to cooperatively try to find the source of the origin of SARS Cov-2. 
Also, as a result of his in depth understanding of Chinese culture , he feels strongly that the 
Wuhan lab would not have been used for any deleterious research such as bio warfare. He 
confirmed the doctor Shi is a highly respected scientist and her reputation would argue against 
her being involved in anything outside of the realm of science. I expressed to Jeff that I agree 
with much of what he says , but the environment in the United states is so toxic with regard to 
China and the delusions of the far right radicals, that it is unlikely that we could come to a 
collaborative approach with the Chinese to come to a better understanding of the origin of 
COVID-19. 
Just got an email now from Ian Lipkin asking if he could arrange a phone call between 
him, me ,and Nancy Messonnier. I wonder what this is going to be all about ?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 795 ---
PRESS:  WINS Radio NYC 1010; Podcast on Progressive Voices Network – “Before you 
know it….” with David Bender; important defense of me by “The Times Leader” - 
https://www.timesleaderonline.com/uncategorized/2021/06/envy-is-the-rights-real-problem-
with-dr-fauci/ 
June 26, 2021 – Global -     USA – 33,400,000/601,000
I had a very interesting evening last night. Christine and I had dinner over the home of Sally 
Quinn. Other guests were Bob Woodward and Elsa Walsh as well as Rick and Jane Atkinson. 
We had a lot of inside the Beltway discussions about Bob's books and Rick’s books and the 
experience that I had with Trump during the last year of his presidency.  In addition, I had the 
opportunity to see Quinn Bradlee and who I believe is his wife or girlfriend. Sally was very 
pleased that I had done a podcast with her son Quinn.  
Fox News continues to come after me by making false accusations that I have misled 
congressional committees during questioning under oath. they just do not want to stop harassing 
me, but that is going to go nowhere.   
June 27, 2021 -
Cases continue to slowly come down:
PRESS:  Latest thing on Fox News over the last couple of days is that they are accusing me 
a lying under oath at a house and energy subcommittee hearing when I said That I did not 
know the precise reason why the president told us to cancel the WuHan grant.  The fact is 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 796 ---
that we were told via mark meadows that we need to cancel the grant and when we told 
them that there has to be a specific reason the White House said we don't need a reason , 
just cancel the grant. When doctor Collins and doctor Tabak and indirectly when I said 
that it was illegal if we didn't have a specific reason , the White House came back and said 
make up a reason. Therefore, what I said under oath at the hearing is absolutely true. 
From a review of Jasmeen Abutaleb’s and Damian Paletta’s book by William Hanage of 
the Washington Post:
Over and over again, whenever public health and public relations came into conflict, public health lost 
out. Trump’s complaints directed at “the Doctors” kept coming back to the same charge — negativity — 
including a remarkable, petulant presidential Oval Office outburst roughly halfway through the book. “I 
am sick and tired of how negative you all are. . . . I spend half of my day responding to what Tony Fauci 
has to say, and I’m the president of the United States!” Later in the same exchange, Trump told 
coronavirus response coordinator Deborah Birx: “Every time you talk, I get depressed. You have to stop 
that.” As if the pandemic could be defeated by the power of positive thinking, and Birx should just cheer 
up and promote policies that she knew would lead to more illness and death than the alternatives.
I received a call today from David Wilman, who I thought was a friend  and who has been having a 
conversation with me regularly every Sunday for the last several months in order for me to keep him up 
to date on what is going on with COVID. He was hinting early on that he was working on a story on gain 
of function research. He never interviewed me at all on the details of this but today he calls me up 
telling me how much he respects me, but he has a heads up for me that he is doing a story on gain of 
function and that I am in the story. He then went on to describe how much he respects me and that my 
favorite saying “precision of thought, economy of expression “ is one that he lives by and has it pasted 
on his computer. This looks to me like a hatchet job on me is coming and he is telling me what a great 
person I am before he drops the bomb. We shall see. 
June 28, 2021 – Global – 181, 000,000/3,900,000; USA – 33,500,000/602,000
PRESS:   BET Instagram with Mark Tallman and Ronreaco Lee; Month of Action Zoom 
with Partner organizations;
June 29, 2021
Delta variant swarming globally.   It definitely is a more efficient transmitter.   WHO is now 
recommending that even vaccinated people wear masks.  Vaccinated people are getting infected, 
but without serious disease.
FLOTUS sent Chris and me and the family a beautiful basket of vegetables grown in the White 
House Garden:
Scanned from a 
Xerox Multifunction 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 797 ---
Dear Sir, 
Many in Australia, self included, have admired your steady hand in heavy and often dangerous seas. 
I saw this cartoon recently ... and I hope you like it … in the nicest possible way!
Regards, 
Brian Dawes, 
Perth, Western Australia.
PRESS:   Constituency Hispanic TV (x3); NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt; ABC World 
News Tonight; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff; PSAs; CNN with Don Lemon;
See below:   This is the Hearing that the GOP called with crazy witnesses and they wanted 
Francis Collins and I to testify.   Pelosi and WH said no way
FOX:  House Republicans hold own hearing on 
COVID-19 origins
GOP lawmakers claim Pelosi is holding up full committee 
hearings:
Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, said that Fauci "didn’t have the courage" to "come defend himself" at the 
hearing. 
"I’m convinced these guys knew right from the get-go what the truth was and they misled the American 
people," Jordan claimed, citing a slew of Fauci emails made public in early June. 
"He showed up everywhere for a year and a half. You couldn't go a day and not see Dr. Fauci 
somewhere, he was everywhere and now when we have emails… all this evidence suddenly you can't 
find him." 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 798 ---
Kate Messner’s Children’s Book – “Dr. Fauci” has come out.   It is beautifully done and 
obviously well-researched.
June 30, 2021 – Global  182,000,000/3,900,000; USA – 33,500,000;602,000
I just received an assembly concurrent resolution number 195 of the 219th legislature of the State 
of New Jersey it is a concurrent resolution honoring the life and the work of Dr. Anthony 
Fauci. (see below)
Scanned from a 
Xerox Multifunction 
Parting note to me from General Gus Perna upon his retirement:
Tony, thank you for your note and very kind words!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 799 ---
It truly been my honor and pleasure to work with you!  I brag to my circle of friends about you - ‘always 
had time to say hello or explain anything to me, as well as, impeccable moral courage to do the right 
thing’.  Thank you for all that you have done for our Nation - you are one of my personal heros!!!
Best of luck with all your future endeavors!!!  
Vr Gus
PRESS: MSNBC “Morning Joe” with Joe Scarborough; WTOP Radio;
July 1, 2021
It is becoming very clear that the extreme far right in the press with Fox News, in social 
media but the far right crazies, and especially in the Congress with the senators and 
congressmen who are frightened of former president Trump and who are using attacks on 
me to show their loyalty to Trump. The issue that they are focusing on mostly in recent days is 
saying that I perjured myself in front of the House and Energy Subcommittee Hearing by saying 
I did not know why we were asked to cancel the Wuhan subgrant. In fact, I had checked with 
Francis Collins and Larry Tabak just to be sure , and there is no doubt that we were told by the 
White House to cancel the grant and not ask any questions about it. When we said that we had to 
have a specific reason for canceling the grant since it would be illegal for us to cancel it without 
a specific reason , the word came down from the White House predominantly via  Mark 
Meadows that we should just go ahead and make up a reason but we definitely had to cancel the 
grant or else. The general counsel of HHS under Bob Charrow agreed that we had no specific 
reason to cancel the grant and so we had to reinstitute the grant but withhold funding until they 
met certain conditions which would be very difficult for them to meet anyway. It really was a 
work around to prevent us from funding the grant. Therefore, I was completely honest in saying 
that I did not know why the grant was asked to be cancelled since they never gave us a specific 
reason to do so.
The pressure on me is extreme!!!   They “bad guys” are taking everything I say and 
quoting it out of context.   Really trying to destroy my credibility.
Cases starting to go up a bit in the unvaccinated areas.   Must watch closely  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 800 ---
PRESS:   Axios - Fauci: Divergent vaccination rates 
could create "two Americas"
I taped the Sunday “Meet the Press”.   It will be a 4th of July Special.
July 2, 2021 – Global    USA
COVID-19 cases in UK increase 67%, but hospitalizations are not going up indicating that 
vaccines are preventing severe disease.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 801 ---
PRESS:   Regional media TV with: WRAL NBC Raleigh-Durham; WSB-TV – ABC 
Atlanta; WREG-TV – CBS Memphis;
July 4, 2021
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 802 ---
Today is the celebration of the independence from the virus. There was the most beautiful 
display of fireworks on the mall that I have ever seen. Let us hope that the congregation of 
people at the celebration does not lead to a discernible surge in cases . As I have said on various 
TV shows including on Meet the Press this morning, there is a possibility of being two Americas, 
one that is vaccinated without any surge of infections and one that is unvaccinated leading to 
regional surges such as in those southern states with 35% or less of their population vaccinated. 
This includes places like Missouri , Alabama , Mississippi , Louisiana, Wyoming , among others.   
PRESS:  appeared on NBC “Meet the Press” 4th of July Special with Chuck Todd
July 5, 2021 -  Global    USA
Cases increasing in certain regions.   Will watch carefully to determine whether this has impact 
on hospitalizations. We will brief the president tomorrow about the role of Delta variants  with 
regard to vaccine protection. 
 
Virus lab leak theory dogs Democrats eager to 
keep focus on Trump's Covid failings
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 803 ---
Democrats worry that murky conclusions that don’t identify the origin of 
the virus could play into the Republicans’ hands.
 
July 6, 2021 - Global   USA
A considerable amount of concern about the fact that reports from Israel indicate that the 
Pfizer vaccine is less protective  against infection since the protection a few weeks ago prior to 
the emergence of the Delta variant was about 94%, whereas now that the Delta variant has 
emerged, protection against any infection is down to 64%. However, the good news is that the 
Pfizer vaccine is still more than 90% effective against serious diseases including hospitalization. 
It is conceivable that this discrepancy about the efficacy against the initial infection is due to the 
fact that the Israelis are doing a lot more testing of asymptomatic people than other countries 
including the United States. This needs to be followed closely.
• I participated as I do most of the time in the weekly Governors’ briefing. I explained to 
them the situation of the threat of the Delta variant. 
I had my weekly briefing of the President today. This time I did it in person in the Roosevelt 
Room of the White House. We discussed the situation of the degree of protection afforded by our 
vaccines against the Delta variant. I also explained to him the situation regarding the Israeli data 
( see above).  The president remarked how much Jill  enjoyed traveling with me and he thanked 
me for that saying that it means a lot to them.
PRESS: I did YouTube interview with two African American physicians from California: 
Doctor Jamie Rutland and doctor Italo brown. We discussed how we handle vaccine 
hesitancy among African Americans and how we can use the barbershop environment to 
convince them to get vaccinated. 
July 7, 2021 – Global – 184,000,000/4,000,000;  USA – 33,600,000/604,000
We are stuck at ~12,000 to 14,000 cases per day:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 804 ---
See below.   It is very clear that the Israelis are increasing greatly their testing that could explain 
their results on asymptomatic  infections in vaccinated people (see above and figure below):
I had a very important meeting today with the NSC led by Beth Cameron and Maher Bitar 
who is the senior director for intelligence programs at NSC. We met in the EEOB SCIF and 
discussed the briefing document that the NSC had presented to the President a week or so ago. 
Beth wanted me to have an official briefing because of the catastrophic briefing that the amateurs 
from the CIA gave me several weeks ago. There were no new surprises for me in the briefing 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 805 ---
except that it became clear that the FBI has no idea what they're talking about since they are 
convinced that the origin of COVID-19 is from a laboratory leak. The reasons that they give do 
not make any sense. In contrast the NSA gave some reasonable hypotheses leaning heavily 
towards a natural jump of species in the environment. I spent some time explaining to Maher and 
Beth my own theories that the Chinese act like they're covering up something even when they 
have nothing to cover up. They manifested this in their response to the original SARS-CoV-1 
when they insisted this was just an atypical influenza when in fact it was the beginning of a 
coronavirus pandemic. In addition, they likely shot themselves in the foot when they denied the 
presence of wild animals in the market when we know they were present and the Chinese 
cleaned out the market before adequate testing of animals could occur.   In essence, they clouded 
the possibility of proving a natural emergence.   I urged the NSC folks to work closely with 
qualified card-carrying evolutionary virologists such as Kristian Andersen, Eddie Holmes, Bob 
Garry, Andy Rambaut, among others. I also explained to them the multiple reasons 
epidemiologically and molecularly why it is almost certain that the virus evolved naturally from 
a species jump, even though I emphasized that I keep an open mind about the possibility of a lab 
leak . However, in this regard , I emphasized that just because two alternatives are possible that 
does not mean that they are equally probable. I believe that they understood where I was coming 
from and that it turned out to be a very good meeting.  
PRESS:  Interview with Frank Bruni for his book on aging; interview with Betsy McKay of 
WSJ on GoF; Sirius XM Radio with Marc Siegel; MSNBC with Chris Hayes;
July 8, 2021 - 
Kristian Andersen, Bob Garry and many others came out yesterday with on a preprint server a 
paper strongly arguing with good evidence for a natural emergence of SARS-CoV-2 rather thsan 
a lab leak:  The Origins of SARS-CoV-2: A Critical Review  https://bit.ly/3jSK1Ep 
CNN: “Coronavirus almost certainly came from an animal, not a lab leak, top scientists 
argue”
I had a very useful and enjoyable conversation with the President of Chile – President 
Sebastian Pinera. He was very gracious and wanted advice from me about how to handle the 
outbreak in Chile looking forward. He was very complimentary to me in many waves and asked 
a number of very intelligent and important questions relevant to his country. He seems like an 
extremely engaging person and it was an enjoyable half an hour that I spent speaking with him 
via zoom. 
PRESS:  NPR – “All Things Considered” with May Louise Kelly;
July 9, 2021 – Global – 185,000,000/4,000,000; USA – 33,600,000/604,000
 is waning after a period of several months. This created a lot of confusion and we all gathered 
on multiple phone calls yesterday evening in order to come out with a statement jointly from the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 806 ---
CDC and FDA indicating that at this time if you are fully vaccinated you do not need a booster 
shot. In the middle of all of this I called up Mikael Dolstein and try to find out what was going 
on. He said that their statement was based on the Israeli data as well as data from their original 
phase three study which showed a modest degree of waning immunity after several months. 
Later in the evening I received a phone call from Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla who was very 
sorry and apologetic that he did not Alert me about the Pfizer announcement ahead of time. We 
will be arranging a meeting next week likely on Monday July 12 to discuss all of this with the 
visor people. 
PRESS: Instagram with Ana Navarro; NBC Evening News; CNN “Situation Room” with 
Wolf Blitzer
July 10, 2021
Wasting a lot of time responding to letters from Congress and Senate about Wuhan.  
Egregious waste of time!!
Much concern about the Delta variant.
Cases coming up in USA:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 807 ---
July 11, 2021 – 
33,000 cases yesterday.  Clearly the unvaccinated are getting infected
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 808 ---
PRESS: ABC “This Week with George Stephanopoulos”; CBS “Face the Nation” with 
John Dickerson; CNN State of the Union” with Jake Tapper;
July 12, 2021 -  Global    USA
It is important to point out how many hours we are all wasting in responding to the multiple 
letters from senators and congressmen fundamentally driven by conspiracy theories that the NIH 
has funded work at Wuhan institute of virology that lead to SARS-CoV-2. For example, over the 
weekend I was on multiple zoom calls with my staff fine tuning the letters in response to the 
multiple questions from people like senators Rand Paul, Marshall, Burr.  I am somewhat 
surprised that's senator Burr was part of this since he generally is a friendly person to me. 
We had a very important meeting today by zoom with Mikael Dolsten and others from 
Pfizer with members of HHS including myself, Rochelle Walensky, David Kessler, Francis 
Collins, Janet Woodcock, all of the people from ASPR such as Dawn O'Connor.  The Pfizer 
people present the data from the Israeli study which we already knew showed a decrease of 
efficacy against all infection down to 64%. In addition they showed some of the follow-up data 
from their phase 3 trial  which showed a decrease in efficacy down to 83%. Clearly, Pfizer is 
intending to suggest boosts particularly for those who are elderly and with underlying conditions 
. In Israel they are already boosting some of the elderly and those with underlying conditions. 
There was a big debate in our own country and worldwide about giving a third shot to fully 
vaccinated people when most of the world is completely unvaccinated. This is a debate that will 
intensify. I believe we need to go ahead and explore the possibility of needing a boost at the 
same time as we provide vaccines for people in low and middle income countries. I have been 
emphasizing in my public appearances that the requirement for a boost does not mean that the 
vaccines are not highly effective. A boost relates to the durability of the protection not to the 
effectiveness of the protection. This is a concept that is often missed by the public. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 809 ---
PRESS: CBS “This Morning” with Gayle King; NPR Baltimore – WYPR with Tom Hall; 
CNN with Chris Cuomo
July 13, 2021 -  Global – 187,000,000/4,000,000; USA – 33,700,000/605,000
New cases are increasing in at least 41 states. This is particularly true among seven states in 
the South where the percentage of people who are vaccinated is very low. It is clear that we are 
entering into a period where the steady decline in cases has now stopped and we are seeing an 
increase in cases with daily cases hovering around 33,000. There is a war of words going on 
between the Fox News TV hosts and democratic senators such as Richard Durbin. The attacks 
on me by the far right and Fox News (Tucker  Calrson and Laura Ingraham) are relentless 
and occur on a daily basis. Marsha Blackburn, Marjorie Taylor Green, and all of the other nut 
cakes attack me on a daily basis .  
PRESS: CNBC “Squawk Box”; NPR “Here and Now”; MSNBC “Andrea Mitchell Report”
July 14, 2021
I had a very pleasant experience today down at the White House where I engaged in a number of 
Instagrams, PSAs, and YouTube videos with the new sensational young entertainer Olivia 
Rodrigo. The purpose of the interaction was to encourage young people who are followers of 
Olivia to go out and get vaccinated. I was amazed to learn that with all her social media Olivia 
has 25 million followers. She is a very down to earth sweet 18 year old woman. The White 
House comms team for digital we're delighted with the interaction.  
• I'm spending a lot of time with the team in preparing for the July 20 HELP Senate 
hearing. This is all a colossal waste of time in which the far right is trying to link the 
COVID pandemic with work supported by NIAID In a sub award to the Wuhan institute 
of virology.  I would likely get attacked by Senators Rand Paul , Marshall, Kennedy 
come on and Rubio among others. We shall see.   
July 15, 2021 – Global    USA
The republican Party has gone completely crazy.   See letter below where Congressmen are 
accusing me of collaborating with the Chinese Communist Party:
Follow Up NIH Re. 
Emails 71521 (2).pdf
There are a few things to point out. For example, tonight we had a meeting that we generally 
have prior to briefing the president . Tomorrow we will be briefing the president and tonight at 
9:00 PM we had a zoom meeting with me, Rochelle, Jeff , and Natalie to go over the plans for 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 810 ---
how we were going to breathe the president tomorrow (Friday). We divided the responsibility 
between Rochelle and me. 
Also, we had another one of the unusual experiences with the United states Congress. A 
group of 20 Right Wing Republican Congressman wrote a letter to Francis Collins and me 
asking a number of ridiculous questions in an accusatory manner as they have been for the last 
several weeks. In fact, the letter was first sent to the right wing publication the Daily Caller who 
then called us up and asked us what our response to the letter was when we had not yet even 
received the letter. And so, it was quite obvious that they were doing it mostly as a publicity 
stunt. In any event, one of the most amazing parts of the letter was the part where they made the 
statement: “Doctor Fauci was working closely with the CCP (Chinese Communist Party)”.  
They gave a reference for that statement that was an email sent to me from George Gao on 
March 28th 2020. In fact, that email was George apologizing to me for seemingly contradicting 
me in an article in Science in which he said that the United States was making a mistake by not 
recommending that people universally wear a mask. He did not want that to be interpreted that 
he was criticizing me and he apologized. In addition, George was saying how concerned he was 
about the outbreak and that he was worried about me and hoped that I was doing well. I wrote 
back to him and said “Thank you for your kind note I hope that all is well with you.”  If anyone 
can construe that exchange as my working closely with the Chinese Communist Party, they have  
to be out of their mind. For that reason, it is clear that these types of letters are nothing but a 
bunch of unmitigated bullshit. 
PRESS:  Local print media – Las Vegas Review Journal, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, 
Gannett Missouri;
July 16, 2021
I briefed the President in the Oval Office today about the Delta variant and its impact on our 
country. Present at the briefing were: Ron Klain, Susan Rice, Natalie Quillian, Jeff Zients, Anita 
Dunn, Brian Reese, Mike Donilon and Rochelle Walensky virtually. Given the increasing 
number of cases in the United States, even though the hospitalizations have not increased, the 
President was concerned that his message that by July 4th we would be seeing an independence 
from the virus here in the United states might actually be now subject to question. We spoke to 
him about the importance of emphasizing that vaccinated people do not get severe disease even 
from the Delta variant . In addition, we pointed out the possibility that we may need to give 
booster shots , namely a third dose following the two doses of the mRNA vaccine. The President 
was concerned that people would say that he was giving a mixed message when he asked 
everyone to get the standard regimen of vaccination and now we are telling them that they may 
need to get an additional dose. I pointed out to him that most people who are vaccinated would 
be quite amenable to getting a third dose so long as they thought it would increase the duration of 
their protection and or make them more highly protected.   It is the people who do not want to 
get vaccinated to begin with who are going to be in trouble because they will get infected and 
they will need hospitalization.   The POTUS and Jeff kept asking whether I thought that it would 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 811 ---
get as bad as the winter of 2020/2021.   I said no since we did not have vaccinated people back 
then.
Fox News hosts Tucker Carlson and Laura Ingraham and mocking our attempts to get people 
vaccinated likely leading to loss of lives.
Rand Paul and Jim Jordan tweeting about me all the time and actually raising money by trying 
to discredit me
Cases continue to climb:
PRESS: MSNBC – “The Reid Out”; Peacock MSNBC – Joshua Johnson; CBS Evening 
news; NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt;
July 17, 2021
 
No change.   Cases continue to rise.   Gov. DeSantis has made anti-Fauci T-shirts.  Amazing!!
PRESS:  CNN with Jim Acosta;
July 18, 2021
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 812 ---
Cases continue to increase.   The question that is being asked is whether fully vaccinated 
people who have breakthrough infections can transmit the infection to others.   Still no direct 
data either way:
July 19, 2021
Jeff Z. called me early this AM (6:45 AM) concerned about the breakthrough infections of 
vaccinated people and waned my opinion about moving towards masking of vaccinated people 
who are in hot zones.   I think that we should.
Jeff called again at 10:00 AM concerned about the time FDA is taking to grant a full BLA for 
the vaccines.   He is acutely aware of the sensitivity of not interfering with or pressuring the 
FDA, but we need the BLA since many people are not getting vaccinated until the vaccines are 
“fully approved”.    Also, Jeff want me to get firm information on how long it will take for the 
peds (11 years old and younger) approval to come.
Stock Market plunging >700 down due to concerns about the spread of the Delta variant.
Mayor Bill Di Blasio called and ask my opinion about a strategy that he would like to do to try 
and get more people vaccinated and safe from the delta variant. He is proposing to give the 
people of New York City two alternatives if they are not vaccinated: 1) get vaccinated or 2) be 
required to get tested with a nasal swab at least once a week. The mayor feels that people will 
likely get tired of getting tested every week and my opt to get vaccinated purely for the 
convenience of it. Even though the requirement for a nasal swab is indeed a mandate, the mayor 
feels that this is much less intrusive they mandate for a vaccine. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 813 ---
PRESS:   CNN with Kate Boldun; Bloomberg TV “Balance of Power” with David Westin; 
PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff
July 20, 2021 – Global – 191,000,000/4,100,000; USA – 34,000,000/607,000
Testified today before the Senate HELP Subcommittee - There was the expected big splash 
at the hearing today As Senator Rand Paul accused me of lying under oath at a prior hearing and 
asked me if I wanted to retract my statement when I said that the NIAID has never funded nor 
does it funds now gain of function research at the Wuhan Institute of Virology. He referred to the 
Plos Pathogens paper of 2017 and insisted that there was gain of function in those experiments 
and said I therefore lied. He quoted Dr. Richard Ebright as saying that those experiments were 
definitely gain a function. I exploded right back at Senator Paul and told him that he had no idea 
what he was talking about. I told him that I did not lie and have never lied certainly not before 
the Congress and then I would not at all retract anything I previously said before a congressional 
committee. He then implied that the work that we were doing may have been the cause of 
thousands of deaths. At this point I blasted back at him that if that is what he is implying he has 
no idea what he is talking about because the viruses that we were dealing with and that were in 
the progress reports and that are in the literature in no way could become SARS-CoV-2. I went 
on to say that it was molecularly impossible for the viruses that we were dealing with to become 
SARS-CoV-2.  I finished by looking him in the eye and telling him that if anybody is lying 
here it is he. Several of the other senators on the democratic side after the discussion between 
Paul and me was finished made statements saying how confident they are in my integrity and in 
my service.  Senator Marshall later asked questions about the furin cleavage site and the CGG 
codon.   Then he started talking about the S1 segment of the spike protein and had absolutely no 
idea what he was talking about.   He rambled on until I told him that I had no idea what he was 
saying; it make no sense.   He made a fool of himself.
Cases continue to climb:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 814 ---
PRESS: CBS “This Morning”;  Multiple stories on TV about my encounter with Senator 
Paul
July 21, 2021 – Global – 191,000,000/4,100,000; USA – 34,000,000/607,000
Cases continue to climb:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 815 ---
Typical e-mail from a supporter of me after the Rand Paul clash.   One of dozens and 
dozens:
Dear Dr. Fauci,
I've wanted to write you at various points over the last year, but seeing the hideous treatment you 
received from Rand Paul played on the PBS "Newshour" last night has prompted me to wait no longer. 
My husband, Breck Montague, and I want to thank you from the bottoms of our hearts for the 
inimitable leadership, courage and wisdom you have shown since you've had to become a frequently 
called-upon national spokesperson for good health sense and public health during this pandemic.
I am certain you remember my father, Frank Williams, during his time as director of NIA.  I actually recall 
when you came on board at NIAID -- I believe my father marvelled about how you were perhaps the 
"youngest person ever" to assume an NIH directorship. If so, thank goodness you were, because here 
you still are, with the benefit of decades under your belt, at such a critical time.  Thank you for telling 
Sen. Paul it was he who was lying -- and for not accepting his dangerous rhetoric. We were so proud of 
you!
In our rural community, we do everything we can to support fact-based conversation and exchange of 
information. In such a disheartening period in this country's history, we're immensely grateful to have 
leaders such as you who speak out and act according to your beliefs. Keep it up, and please accept our 
support and thanks.
Mary Williams Montague
Gloucester, Virginia
(8576 Toddsbury Lane
Gloucester, VA 23061)
Francis Collins defends me against Rand Paul nonsense on CNN and MSNBC tonight
I visited Eric Lander (Director of OSTP) at the White House today. He asked for the 
meeting and wanted to do two things. First, he wanted to express his strong support for me in 
light of what just went down with senator Paul. Second, he wanted my help in trying to nail 
down the possibility of our getting much of the $30 billion that are still available from the JOBS 
Act to put together a major program for pandemic preparedness for the future. He wanted to 
work with Francis Collins and I to make this happen and suggested that we might write an op Ed 
together. 
This evening I got a text from Beth Cameron of NSC. Beth indicated that I was her hero for 
what I did with Rand Paul and that she had heard from Eric Lander that I was discussing with 
him the issue of the $30 billion. I texted her back saying that I would push hard for this with Ron 
Klain and Jeff Zients.  I will be seeing the President in the Oval Office today and hopefully Ron 
will be there so that I can discuss this with him.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 816 ---
It should be pointed out that I have been meeting with the president personally in the Oval Office 
once a week for the past several weeks. It seems that Jeff prefers that I am there personally 
during the Presidential briefings. Also, it is rather strange that it seems that Jeff does not 
trust the CDC or even Rochelle and always wants me involved when it comes to the 
President. This may be a bit unfair to Rochelle, but his skepticism about the CDC historically is 
justified. 
In the meantime, the GOP led by despicable Kevin McCarthy continue to push back on doing an 
adequate investigation on what led up to the January 6 insurrection against democracy. Thank 
goodness that Nancy Pelosi has rejected the GOP suggestion of putting Jim Jordan on the panel 
that would be investigating the January 6 insurrection. Also, the GOP continues to blast me in 
their social media. It seems like it is an all out war between me and the radical right wing of the 
GOP
PRESS:  Interview with Sentinel Record (Zoom) – Arkansas newspaper with Tyler Wann; 
NPR “All Things Considered” with Mary Louise Kelly; CNBC “Closing Bell”; MSNBC 
with Ari Melber
July 22, 2021 – Global – 192,000,000/4,100,000;  USA – 34,000,000/608,000
Daily cases continue to climb:
Had my usual weekly meeting with the POTUS today at 1:00 PM in the Oval Office.   Also 
present: Jeff Z., Natalie Quillian, Mike Donilon, Jake Sullivan (NSC).   When I walked into the 
Oval the POTUS put his hands on my shoulder, brought me close and said: “You did a great 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 817 ---
job in stuffing that horse’s ass” referring to Rand Paul.  He also said that 1st Lady Jill was 
“cheering for me” as she watched it on TV.
As I walked through the White House, several people thanked me for “my service and for what I 
do” and a few remarked about Paul and said how proud they were of me.
Briefed the Senate and House by Zoom together with Jeff, Natalie, and Marcella Ninez-Smith
England surging with USA following:
Steve Scalese is now promoting vaccines.   It seems that several of the GOP who were originally 
against vaccines are now realizing that they are on the wrong side of history.
PRESS: CBS Evening News with Norah O’Donnell; Twitch Livestream;
July 23, 2021
I had a very productive conversation in my regular every two week call with our UK 
colleagues – Chris Whitty and Patrick Vallance, this time accompanied by Thomas Waite. I 
explained to them the situation that we have here in the United states with the delta variant. The 
UK seems to be a couple of weeks ahead of us in every way. They have vaccinated a slightly 
larger proportion of their population than we have and the surge in delta that they are 
experiencing is much steeper then what we have at this time. The efficacy of the vaccine against 
hospitalization and death continues to hold. They are a skeptical about the Israeli vaccine 
efficacy data for asymptomatic and mildly symptomatic disease as we are here in the United 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 818 ---
States.  The UK has made the decision similar to us that they will try to get all the children back 
to school in person by the fall. However unlike us, the unvaccinated children will not be required 
to wear masks when they go back to school. They have essentially decided that since you cannot 
vaccinate the younger children yet and since they generally have very mild disease, that you 
should accept the fact that sooner or later these young children are going to get infected and so 
be it. They do not want to close the schools or go to virtual learning. I will continue to follow the 
situation with them since it is very helpful to us here to learn what the UK is doing.  
Of note, both Chris and Patrick wanted me to know that I am held in extremely high 
regard in the UK by virtually everyone on the basis of my standing up to Rand Paul and 
his nonsense in the Senate 
Right-wing attacks on me intensify – North Carolina GOP Congressman Madison 
Cawthorn -  "I thank Rand Paul for bringing it up and I will tell you right 
now Anthony Fauci does not have the best interests of the American 
people at his heart," he said. "I believe he is a pawn for the Chinese 
government by giving them funding to do militaristic funding to try and 
figure out how they can make an animal virus more transmissible to 
humans. It's disgusting, it's wrong, and 4 million people are dead all 
around the world because of it."
Did my usual weekly briefing of the Cabinet (“Principals”) together with 
Rochelle, Natalie, Jeff, and Vivek.   Brought them up to date on Delta 
variant becoming dominant.
PRESS:  CBC (Canadian) “Power and Politics; FOX with Neil Caputo; 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 819 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 820 ---
PRESS: Very good article in the LA Times by Melissa Healy:
LA Times: Fauci: ‘There’s no way’ the coronavirus was made with U.S. research funds. 
Here’s why  https://lat.ms/3ruPOC6
July 25, 2021 – Global    USA
The USA is not doing so great in vaccinations compared to other developed countries:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 821 ---
Fully vaccinated people:
PRESS: CNN “State of the Union” with Jake Tapper; MSNBC “Sunday Show” with 
Jonathan Capehart;
July 26, 2021
Humor:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 822 ---
Important stuff going on!!We had at least two zoom meetings today with Jeff, Rochelle, Vivek, 
and Bechara to discuss the upcoming change in masking guidelines that the CDC will be 
proposing. It relates to the fact that data or showing that the level of virus in the nasopharynx of 
vaccinated people with asymptomatic breakthrough infections is similar according to CT values 
to that in individuals who are infected asymptomatically and who have not been vaccinated. 
These data are strongly suggestive that individuals who are vaccinated and who get infected can't 
transmit the virus two others as easily ask an unvaccinated people. This is triggering the need to 
tell vaccinated people that when they go to situations that are indoors that now they have to wear 
a mask or should at least seriously consider wearing a mask depending on the level of infection 
in the community where they are living. Rochelle is really having a very tough time in 
negotiating this with Jeff in the context of “her team” at CDC that seems to be operating in their 
usual manner independently of running things by the White House. For example at the end of a 
long and tortuous discussion about getting the wording correct in the new guideline, Rochelle let 
us know that two days from now (Wednesday) the CDC will be coming out with an MMWR that 
will overlap with what we have been wordsmithing for the guideline. Jeff and everyone else was 
blown away that these two parallel things were going on and we did not even know about it. I 
feel badly for Rochelle since she is dealing with an ingrained CDC system that has been that way 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 823 ---
for the decades that I have been dealing with them. Jeff and the White House Comms people 
(Courtney Rowe) are very concerned about mixed messaging.  We decided that we would sleep 
on this and address it again in the morning. 
July 27, 2021 – Global – 194,600,000/4,200,000; USA – 34,500,000/609,000
Just got a call from Jeff that he wants me to brief the President today about the issues 
discussed above. It is very clear and unfortunate that confidence  in Rochelle is very low within 
the White House team of Jeff, Courtney Rowe, and others.    STAY TUNED
Had a good conversation with the President in the Oval Office this afternoon at 12:30.   I 
explained to him the new CDC guidelines for wearing masks indoors even if you are vaccinated 
given the fact that the delta variant is causing breakthrough infections in vaccinated individuals 
and vaccinated individuals with breakthrough infections can transmit the virus two uninfected 
individuals. In addition, I explained to him the data that the level of virus in the nasopharynx of 
vaccinated people with breakthrough infections is similar to the level of virus in the nasopharynx 
of unvaccinated infected people. We had a good conversation; he asked a lot of good questions. 
Right before the discussion he was on the phone with former senator Barbara Boxer who had just 
been mugged outside of her house. She asked to talk to me when she heard that the president 
would be meeting with me and we had a good conversation. She relayed that she felt very badly 
that idiots are attacking me and that she always has had the highest degree of regard for me. She 
recalled back in the days when we were fighting HIV together. I asked the president if Jill had 
come back from the Olympics in Tokyo. The President informed me that she had and so I sent 
her my regards through him. 
As Jeff , Natalie Quillian, and I were sitting in front of the Resolute Desk, I had a very 
strange, almost out of body experience. I just recalled at that time so clearly the bizarre 
situations that I had been through in the past when I sat in front of the desk trying to brief 
President trump. I recalled his incredible lack of concentration ability where his attention span 
was measured in seconds rather than minutes. This is in stark contrast to the seriousness, dignity, 
and integrity that now permeates the entire White House, particularly the Oval Office. Only now 
in retrospect do I fully appreciate what a disaster Trump was as President. This applies not only 
to his policies, but to the fact that he diminished the dignity of the presidency enormously. The 
feeling in the Oval Office now is very similar to what I experienced when I was in the Oval 
Office with presidents George HW Bush, George W Bush, Bill Clinton, and Barack Obama. This 
is such an entirely different feeling and vibration that I have when I enter the room and sit down 
either on the couch or in front of the desk. There was always that feeling of anxiety with Trump 
where I was anticipating that he would say or do something outlandish. 
PRESS:  Big announcement from CDC about masking for vaccinated people indoors 
attracting much media – Print interviews with NY Times and Washington Post.
The Intercept:  Rand Paul’s Attack on Anthony Fauci Chills Scientific Debate Over Gain-
of-Function Research    https://bit.ly/3iR7zHP
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 824 ---
The Black News Channel “The World Tonight”;  NBC “Nightly News” with Lester Holt; 
NPR “All Things Considered” with Ari Shapiro; PBS “NewsHour” with Judy Woodruff; 
Univision National TV;  Telemundo TV; CNN with Chris Cuomo; MSNBC with Chris 
Hayes;
A Man Was Arrested For Allegedly 
Threatening To Kill Anthony Fauci And His 
Family
The 56-year-old sent emails with a long list of threats, including to beat Fauci and his family to 
death, prosecutors said.
Nicole FallertBuzzFeed News Reporter
Posted on July 27, 2021, at 6:35 p.m. ET
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 825 ---
J. Scott Applewhite / AP
Anthony Fauci addresses Sen. Rand Paul on July 20.
A 56-year-old man was arrested for allegedly sending messages threatening Anthony 
Fauci, the nation's top infectious disease scientist, and his family, saying they would be 
“dragged into the street, beaten to death, and set on fire.”
Thomas Patrick Connally Jr. of Greenbelt, Maryland, was charged with threats against a 
federal official and interstate communication containing a threat to harm, according to a 
federal criminal complaint filed Monday.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We will never tolerate violent threats against public officials,” acting US Attorney 
Jonathan Lenzner said in the complaint. “Our public health officials deserve our thanks 
and appreciation for their tireless work, and we will not hesitate to bring charges against 
those individuals who seek to use fear to silence these public servants.”
Connally allegedly sent threatening emails from December 2020 to July 2021 telling 
Fauci to "blow your own fucking brains out" and referred to the doctor as a "liar" and a 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 826 ---
"fraud." The threats to Fauci and his family were sent from an email account via a 
provider of encrypted services based in Switzerland, according to investigators.
"Hope you get a bullet in your compromised satanic elf skull today," the subject line of 
two emails Fauci received in December 2020 states. On April 24 alone, he received seven 
emails from the encrypted email account, according to the affidavit filed in support of the 
criminal complaint. The emails also encourage Fauci to kill himself and contain death 
threats against him and his family.
If convicted, Connally faces up to 10 years in federal prison for threats against a federal 
official and a maximum of five years in federal prison for interstate communication 
containing a threat to harm.
ADVERTISEMENT
Twitter: @MacFarlaneNews
This isn't the first time Fauci and his family received death threats amid the coronavirus 
pandemic, and it's only gotten worse as conservatives manifest their frustration over 
COVID-19 restrictions into more vitriol.
Just last week, Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis of Florida announced drink koozies and T-
shirts reading "Don't Fauci My Florida" as part of a campaign, the Washington 
Post reported. Fox News host Tucker Carlson has called Fauci — now a White House 
medical adviser — a "fraud" and has pushed for an investigation of the doctor's role 
concerning the origins of COVID-19. Republican members of the House filed a "Fire 
Fauci Act" in April.
Fauci's strained relationship with former president Donald Trump has also made him a 
target for conservatives. The doctor told the New York Times earlier this year of his 
difficulty to get Trump to listen to his scientific recommendations.
"I would try to express the gravity of the situation, and the response of the president was 
always leaning toward, 'Well, it’s not that bad, right?' And I would say, 'Yes, it is that 
bad,'" Fauci told the Times.
ADVERTISEMENT
Fauci has been vocal about the death threats directed at him and his family, which he 
told the Times started as early as March 2020. In one instance, he received a letter 
containing powder that exploded all over his face and chest.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 827 ---
"Getting death threats for me and my family and harassing my daughters to the point 
where I have to get security is just, I mean, it's amazing," Fauci said during an online 
forum last year. At that time, he called the threats "unseemly things that crises bring out 
in people."
Fauci told CNN this week that the US is "going in the wrong direction" in terms of 
COVID-19 cases. He blamed unvaccinated Americans for the surge in infections, 
particularly with the more contagious Delta variant.
Connally is due to appear in a federal court on Wednesday.
Story also covered in other media – New York Post, Axios, Forbes, Newsweek, CNN, The 
Hill
July 28, 2021 – Global        USA
Cases continue to surge:
PRESS: MSNBC – “Morning Joe” with Joe Scarborough; Joe Madison Radio Show; 
Morning Hustle Radio Show;
July 29, 2021
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 828 ---
There are a lot of important things going on that I do not have a chance to comment on in 
my daily diary.   Some of these are the continual conversations that I have been having with Jeff 
about who should be the FDA Commissioner. Jeff and Ron Klain continue to run by me names 
of potential candidates. Today for example, David Kessler came to me with a surprising request 
that I float his name to Ron as a possible candidate. David is currently the head of the 
countermeasure acceleration group (CAG) of HHS. He is a former FDA commissioner and 
would likely do a very good job. I will float his name and see what happens. 
In another vein, I continue to get harassed by letters from far-right congressmen and 
senators who are cherry picking my FOIA’d emails and trying to establish that I have lied under 
oath when I said that the NIH has never done gain of function research at the Wuhan institute of 
virology. In addition, Tucker Carlson and others at Fox News continue to attack me virtually 
every night. Carlson saying multiple times that I created the virus.  This is an extremely stressful 
situation but I will have to push on with the job that I have as director of NIAID and as chief 
medical advisor to President Biden. 
Another issue that is percolating it's a growing discontent with the CDC and with Rochelle’s 
difficulty in clearly articulating their somewhat shifting positions such as that of masking 
indoors. I do not believe that it is Rochelle’s fault but it is a fundamental lesion in the CDC.  One 
of the problems is the typical CDC mentality that antedated Rochelle. Rochelle and the CDC are 
hesitant to show anyone data that backs up their policy because it is supposedly “embargoed. The 
problem is that the embargo relates to the MMWR, which is the CDC's own publication. 
Therefore it seems that if they wanted to break the embargo they could easily do it. Again, this is 
a recurrent problem with the CDC keeping data close to their vest and making policy without 
allowing outside experts to weigh in.  
It was an evolving situation here. Got a call from Jeff just now reading a sentence from the 
President's speech that he will give today in which he said that children do get infected, but a 
serious outcome is “extremely, extremely rare”.  In my meeting with my office team this 
morning someone pointed out that in Arkansas on Wednesday there were 24 infections in 
children; seven of them wound up in the ICU and two of them are on respirators. I had originally 
told Jeff to get rid of one of the “extremelies” and just say “extremely rare”.  After hearing about 
the infections in Arkansas I called back Jeff and told him to get rid of both “extremelies” and just 
say “rare “.  We actually do not know the full impact of this virus on children at this point and so 
we really need to be careful about what we say and what we allow the POTUS to say.   
We are on a similar track as UK but a few weeks behind (as is usually the case):
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 829 ---
Very important essay by Peter Hotez:
PLoS Biol/Hotez: Mounting antiscience aggression in the United States     
https://bit.ly/3lbsKXF 
We had a briefing today from the house Select Committee on COVID-19 chared by 
representative Clyburn. It was supposed to be limited to a discussion on the delta variant. 
However, it was clear that when the Republicans were allowed to ask questions they went off 
the subject and started to ask questions about infections coming over the border from Mexico. In 
typical fashion Jim Jordan asked me if I was a member of the P3CO oversight committee when 
in fact there is no such a thing as a P3 CO oversight committee. We have an executive committee 
of which I am not a member. Fortunately, even though I did not know what he was talking about, 
I said that I was not a member. He then asked for a list of the members. Since I really didn't 
know what he was talking about I said that I would get him that list. As it turns out, this is a list 
that HHS does not want to make public. HHS will get back to him and explain that to him. 
Obviously, he will make a big deal about this publicly. 
  The Republicans in the Congress as well as Fox News continue to attack me viciously. I 
was particularly disappointed today to read Newt Gingrich whom I have always liked and 
respected came out and said that it was time for me to retire. He said that although I have had an 
illustrious career, I am trying to defend the indefensible. I am really not sure what he meant by 
that. Did he mean that I was defending gain of function research or did he mean that I was 
defending the CDC's masking guideline?  As Peter Hotez said in the article above, no one is 
stepping up in the scientific community to defend me since they are afraid of being threatened by 
this extreme group that seems to be very well organized. 
Went to a book signing party add the home of Adrienne Arsh. The book is “I alone can fix it “ 
bye Phil Rucker and Carol Leonnig. The Super a list from Washington DC was there. It was a 
little bit uncomfortable since I was wearing a mask with the new guidance from the CDC and 
almost everyone else was without a mask. When they saw me with a mask , several of them put a 
mask on. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 830 ---
One of the things for discussion in the book for this time frame is the extraordinary confidence 
that the president, Ron Klain, and especially Jeff is placing in me. When I briefed the 
president before his speech a couple of days ago , Jeff did not want Rochelle to brief the 
president even though the discussion was strictly about CDC guidelines. 
PRESS: South African TV – Bhekisisa Center for Health Journalism with Mia Malan;  
Ken Jeong Instagram; WTOP Radio; NBC LX TV;
July 30, 2021 – Global    USA
There is growing frustration fall apart of Jeff with the CDC and particularly with Rochelle. 
I love her but she does not seem to have control over organization. We were being briefed the 
other night about what we were going to be saying about boosters and about the effect of the 
delta variant. In the middle of the conversation we found out that an MMWR was already written 
that could possibly be in conflict with what we were discussing. (see above). Now we have a 
situation where a slide set that was for internal discussion within the CDC was leaked by the 
CDC to the Washington Post including a discussion of things that we had not vetted out with the 
Medical Group. Jeff was extremely concerned that we are now on the defense trying to explain 
or defend things in an internal document that is now public. He called a special zoom meeting 
with himself , me , and Rochelle to try and sort this out. It became clear during the discussion 
that Rochelle herself was somewhat unaware of what her own CDC people were doing. I felt 
very bad for her because she is clearly very competent.  we will have another zoom meeting later 
today since Jeff tasked me to review the papers upon which the CDC conclusion that the delta 
variant causes more severe disease was based. I will have myself, Andrea Lerner, Cliff lane, and 
Dean Follmann review the papers.   After review by my “team” we found that the Singapore data 
was very weak but that the Scotland and Canada data suggest that there is an increase in severity 
with the delta variant. I communicated this both to Jeff and to Rochelle.
I had a very interesting conversation with the Prime Minister of Israel, Naftali Bennett, 
who requested a zoom call with me. Based on the diminishing efficacy of the Pfizer vaccine in 
Israel, the Prime Minister together with his health ministers have decided that they will give a 
third booster shot to individuals older than 60 years old. They are already giving a booster to 
people who are immunosuppressed. the Prime Minister wanted to get my opinion and ultimate 
support of what he is doing. with my permission he taped our discussion so that he could put it 
on his Instagram to show to the people of Israel. I pointed out to him that there will be some 
concern that he is boosting people in his own population while much of the world has not yet 
received their first dose. He understands that but pointed out to me that is real is a country of 
almost 9 million people and they have just enough doses to take care of their own people , and 
unlike the United states, they do not have the resources to supply the rest of the world. He asked 
for my cell phone number so that he might intermittently call me for advice. With the approval of 
the State Department I gave it to him. It seems that we have developed a very good rapport on 
the basis of this first meeting.   It turns out that the Prime Minister is an extremely interesting 
man who was a combat commander (Major) in the Israeli Defense Forces in a Special Forces 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 831 ---
unit. He led many Special Forces operations.  In addition, he has spent many years in the United 
States and has made millions of dollars as a software entrepreneur. 
PRESS: Global National TV – Canada; Spectrum News TV – California; NPR – “All 
Things Considered” with Ailsa Chang
July 31, 2021 – Global – 196,6000,000/4,200,000; USA – 34,800,000/610,000
Instagram from Israeli PM Bennett:
August 1. 2021 – Global     USA – 34,900,000/611,000
I got involved in an interesting situation regarding the expiration of the moratorium on 
evictions with the CDC in the middle of it. Apparently, the CDC has the authority to block 
evictions during a public health emergency. The moratorium expired and the Supreme Court 
ruled that they could not reinstitute it. Now Nancy Pelosi is furious because the public is blaming 
the Congress for not solving the problem. Pelosi is asking the White House to do it and the 
White House is turfing it to the CDC. The CDC does not have the authority to overrule the courts 
and so there's a lot of tension going on. Larry Horowitz who works with Pelosi called me to ask 
me to try and convince Rochelle to reinstitute the moratorium, get sued (which she will lose ), 
and thus give enough time to get money to the people who are being evicted to prevent their 
eviction. I got on the phone with Rochelle and offered to help her by giving her encouragement 
and support. It all worked out when Jeff Zientz worked with Ron Klain to have Rochelle write a 
letter to the president saying that she would love to keep the moratorium but it is legally out of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 832 ---
her hands. In this way the good intention of the administration would be displayed , but they 
would not get into legal difficulty.  
PRESS: ABC “This Week” with Jonathan Karl; CBS “Face the Nation” with John 
Dickerson
August 2, 2021 – Global    USA
I briefed the President today in the Oval Office. It was part of the weekly briefing that we do 
where Rochelle and Vivek and Marcella were on the zoom screen and I was in the office with the 
President and the Vice President. I briefed him on the efficacy of the vaccine against the delta 
variant as well as on the issue of breakthrough infections and the possibility of our need for 
boosters. The President was his usual pleasant and calm self; however, he seemed a bit troubled 
about two issues: first, he is aware that everyone is waiting for the FDA to give final approval to 
the vaccines and that this would go a long way to getting more people vaccinated. He clearly 
does not want to interfere with the FDA; however, he is growing impatient with the length of 
time that is taking for them to come across with a full approval. Second, he is concerned about 
the fact that the moratorium on evictions of people from their homes has expired and the 
Supreme Court has voted five to four that the moratorium cannot be extended. He has the power 
to call together constitutional scholars and claim that they have given him enough reason to 
overrule the opinion of the Supreme Court and order the CDC to continue with the moratorium 
on evictions. He is hesitant to do that since although he believes it is the right thing to do from a 
humanitarian standpoint, he does not want to set a precedent for a President to use his or her 
Presidential authority to overrule a Supreme Court ruling. He is afraid that if we get another 
President similar to Trump, that a lot of mischief and bad acting could occur if such a precedent 
were set. And so, he has to live with the uncomfortable situation of Nancy Pelosi essentially 
yelling at him on the phone to do something about the eviction situation when in some respects 
he is powerless to do so. I feel for him and I am more appreciative close and personal of the 
weight of the Presidency. 
As it turns out, the President did get an opinion from some constitutional scholars and 
made the decision to ask the CDC to extend the moratorium for 30 days. As Ron Klain said 
in the White House , it is likely that the courts will overturn this extended moratorium pretty 
quickly . We shall see. The general spin is that the president did this because of extensive 
pressure from Nancy Pelosi and the Democratic Congress. 
Governor Ned Lamont of Connecticut called me today in frustration that the FDA has not yet 
given full BLA approval to the COVID-19 vaccines. He asked if I could do anything about it . I 
explained to him that that would be difficult since it would suggest that we are putting pressure 
on the FDA which could backfire on us. I told him that I was very much in favor of accelerating 
the process and that I felt that the approval would likely come within the next couple of weeks . 
He also asked about booster shots and I explained to him that boosters for the 
immunocompromised would likely come very soon and that it would probably take a couple of 
months before there was enough data to recommend booster shots for the elderly. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 833 ---
Got a call today from John Bel Edwards, Governor of Louisiana. He is having the biggest 
surge of cases of any state in the country right now and he is asking for my support in what he 
will soon do and that is to put in a mask mandate for all indoor public settings as well As for 
everyone in the school system which will start today.  He asked if I had any further suggestions. I 
asked if he had ordered a restricted capacity or closing of bars and restaurants and he said that 
although he would like to do that, he feels that the legislature would rebel against him and take 
away his emergency powers for public health. And so he wants to get his mask mandate through 
as his first priority. I agree with him. In addition before we hung up he said that he really 
admired me and felt badly of what I was going through with the far right attacking me. He said a 
very nice thing when he said: “you have bigger clowns to deal with than I do; maybe not more 
clowns, but certainly bigger clowns, but at least you can sleep at night with a clear conscience “.  
The conspiracy of the far right and the trump loyalists continues. Recently representative 
Mike McCall the minority On the House Foreign Affairs Committee released a report by 
the panel's republican staff essentially saying that the lab leak was the cause of COVID-19 
and hinting the NIH's role in creating the virus. This is based on no new information or no 
new data. It is very clear what is going on and it needs to be called out. It is all part of “The Big 
Lie”. First, trump actually won the election; next, January 6th was a friendly visit to the capital 
book shop; next trump was right and China caused the virus; next Fauci and the NIH helped the 
Chinese create the virus; next, discredit Fauci and it looks like trump is telling the truth. It is 
plain and simple a concerted effort aimed at getting trump re-elected and exonerating him from 
any blame in the complete mess up of his response to COVID-19. 
Lindsey Graham has contracted COVID-19 period since he is vaccinated he has a mild case. I 
asked his staff to have him give me a call , which he did and I expressed concern for him and 
offered to help if I could. He was very grateful for my concern instead we would keep in touch. 
PRESS:  White House pressor;
August 3, 2021 – Global – 198,000,000/4,200,000; USA – 35,200,000/612,000
We continue to average about 70,000 cases per day
An ironic situation is going on in Florida where Governor DeSantis has a state that has the 
most infections per day in the country and is still insisting that mask mandates are not allowed at 
the local level by the schools or by anyone else. In addition, he continues to raise money by 
slamming me with T shirts as well as by his slogan “don't Fauci my Florida”.  Besides being a 
total jerk, he is causing people to die in his home state.  
Did Governor’s call today – Chaired by Gov. Asa Hutchinson (R-AK)
White House has asked me to interview candidates for the position of FDA commissioner. 
And so today I am interviewing Sudip Parikh whom I knew when he was the staff director for 
the Senate Appropriations Committee. I was impressed with his interview since he is a very 
smart and energetic person. I also interviewed James Hildreth who is currently president and 
CEO of Meharry medical school. I have known Jim for a long time and he is highly qualified. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 834 ---
Gov. Cuomo is in serious trouble politically. A report came out today detailing 11 instances of 
sexual harassment. President Biden as well as Nancy Pelosi has called for his resignation . If he 
does not resign, he will likely be impeached. 
Richard Ebright (Rutgers) has proven again that he is truly an asshole. Francis Collins was 
on CNN this morning and misspoke saying that adults who have children at home should wear a 
mask at home , which is clearly not correct. However , Frances very quickly corrected his 
statement by putting out a tweet , apologizing , and saying that he was incorrect. Yet 
immediately after that doctor Richard Ebright followed this up with a very nasty tweet . See 
below:
This evening I was asked by Erin Burnett on CNN to clarify the situation once and for all. I 
stated that Francis misspoke but to his great credit he immediately apologized and corrected the 
mistake. 
I e-mailed Susan Rice tonight asking her to call me, and she returned call at around 9:00 
PM.  I wanted to explain more fully to her the misperception about the “likelihood” that a 
vaccinated person would get infected. In a discussion we had yesterday where I briefed some of 
the economic leaders including Janet Yellin and Susan Rice, the question came up as to what it 
means when there is a 79% efficacy of a vaccine against the delta variant. Many people interpret 
this to mean that there is then a 21% chance that a vaccinated person will get infected . This is 
obviously incorrect since you must compare it to the unvaccinated people. Since not all the 
unvaccinated people get infected by any means, then the 79% protection compared to the 
unvaccinated people means that a very, very small proportion of vaccinated people will get 
infected. Susan was very grateful for the phone call and said as he has often dos when she sees 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 835 ---
me that she “loves” me. We have become good friends over the years dating back to the Obama 
administration, and I really like her. 
PRESS:  Axios interview with Eileen O’Reilly; Podcast with Creative Artists Agency – 
agent for many entertainment and sports figures; Podcast with CSIS – Steve Morrison; 
CBS Evening News with Nikki Battiste; CNN with Erin Burnett; Did a Webinar with 
Virginia Governor Northam;
August 4, 2021 – Global   USA
Had 100,000 cases yesterday!!  104,000  cases today
I received the call today from former Vice President Dick Cheney - This is medically 
confidential and not for publication in my memoir. The VP was asked to give the eulogy for 
former Secretary of Defense and dear friend Donald Rumsfeld.  Cheney had a heart transplant 
several years ago and is on immunosuppressive regimen. It is likely that his immune response 
two the vaccine is suboptimal. He called his cardiologist , Jonathan Reiner, at GW and asked his 
advice about coming to Washington to give a eulogy for Rumsfeld given the current situation 
with the delta variant. Reiner recommended that he called me. I made it very clear to Cheney that 
I strongly recommended he get the third boost of the mRNA since he is highly susceptible to 
getting infected if he comes into contact with an infected person.  We spend some time 
discussing the courage of his daughter Liz Cheney and sticking up against the far right 
Republicans who want to whitewash the January 6th insurrection. I told him that she was a chip 
off the old block and I really appreciated the fact that she has been sticking up for me. Cheney 
said he admired very much my courage and fortitude and standing up for what was right and he 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 836 ---
is proud to tell friends that he knows me and used to work closely with me. I told him that the 
feeling was mutual when I talk about him to my friends. 
Call with Eric Goosby - Eric is concerned that we are not utilizing the infrastructure of 
PEPFAR to solve the distribution problem of vaccines in sub saharan Africa. Eric points out that 
the obstruction here interestingly is Gayle Smith who is now the special director in the 
Department of State for global affairs. Eric points out that it is the same competition intention 
between USAID and other global entities of the federal government. Gayle and USAID want to 
be the focal point of the failing distribution of vaccines in Africa, while PEPFAR already has an 
extraordinarily effective infrastructure that was built for HIV. Eric is frustrated that we are not 
using that infrastructure. 
Did Zoom with Senator Dick Durbin who wanted a briefing on breakthroughs and boosters
PRESS: Katie Couric podcast; Wall Street Journal podcast with Ryan Knudson; Australian 
broadcasting TV “7/30”
August 5, 2021 – Global   USA
I had a very busy day today. Jeff arranged for me to brief both the house and the Senate via 
zoom on the latest in the COVID situation. In addition , I joined the first gentleman Greg Emhoff 
in discussing with a bunch of young communicators the importance of their work in getting their 
young peers vaccinated. This is the second time that I have done an event with the first 
gentleman. In addition, I met by zoom with Kathy Russell the head uh White House personnel to 
debrief her on the interviews I did with FDA candidates James Hildreth and Sudip Parikh. 
During the debriefing when they asked me if there were any other candidates that I would 
recommend, I strongly recommended Zeke Emanuel.  However, as usual there was a concern 
about the fact that he can be a bit of a loose cannon. This is unfortunate since he is a very 
talented guy , intellectually brilliant, and very visionary. He is also a good friend. 
The nonsense of the far right in trying to discredit me continues. A day does not go by 
without either the far right GOP congressman or senator criticizing me and even calling for my 
removal together with the far right media , particularly FOX, being sharply critical of me in 
every respect. 
PRESS:  ABC “Good Morning America” with George Stephanopoulos; Rickey Smiley 
Radio Show; Taped CNN Fareed Zakaria for this Sunday;
August 6, 2021 – Global – 200,800,000/4,300,000; USA  - 35,500,000/614,000
67,000 7-day average
Cases continue to climb. There has been a lot of discussion about whether or not we should move 
quickly in instituting a program. I have been a very strong and vocal advocate to give booster 
shots immediately to people who are immune compromised such as those who are transplant 
recipients, those war on cancer chemotherapy, and those who are immunosuppressed because the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 837 ---
border immune diseases. I have been explicit about that and have also been pushing the CDC to 
give us at least some preliminary data on the cohort studies that they say will inform us about the 
durability of protection among various groups of people. Other countries including France, 
Israel, and Germany, have decided to give boosts to the elderly right now. The UK has decided 
that they will start doing this in September. In this context, Jeff is getting very disillusioned with 
Rochelle and the CDC in their traditional way of not giving anyone even a slight hint of what the 
data shows until they are ready to announce it officially. A typical example of this has occurred 
today. I will be on a lot of press calls today and over the weekend and the CDC just announced 
that they have an MMWR that will be coming out together with a couple of papers in JAMA. I 
have no idea what is in these publications. This is unacceptable . Similar to what Sylvia burwell 
discuss with me years ago about firing Tom Frieden, Jeff is seriously thinking about either 
bringing in someone else to assist Rochelle or outright getting rid of her. I have argued that 
we should absolutely not fire her, and I have offered to speak with her about this issue. 
I had a long call with Rochelle tonight and explained the entire situation to her. I confirmed 
that I totally support her, but she really has to address the ingrained and somewhat ossified 
culture of the CDC. I particularly pointed out to her that she just cannot hold back information 
from Jeff and the White House team because she is waiting for her team to finalize data. If she 
has preliminary data she needs to tell us about it since we may need to talk about policy that 
would depend on such data. She just cannot give us an MMWR on the same day that is coming 
out. The last time this happened she said she could not give it to us because it was “under 
embargo “. I pointed out to her that this enraged Jeff since the CDC owns MMWR and as 
director of CDC she needs to realize that no one is trying to influence what goes into MMWR 
but it is important that she does not surprise Jeff or the president with something that she knows 
and that we do not know. I love Rochelle and she knows that. I explained to her what she needs 
to do to make things right with Jeff . A human explained to her the story from years ago when I 
saved Tom Frieden from getting fired by Sylvia Burwell because of how he messed up the ebola 
situation as a result of his listening to “his guys “.  I believe that Rochelle gets it and will survive 
this very difficult time. I support her totally. 
PRESS: WJXX -Jacksonville TV;  Bloomberg TV interview – Madison Mills; 1 hour with 
USA Today Editorial Board; Zoom Call with Michael Spector for his adio-book; MSNBC 
peacock TV with Joshua Johnson
August 7, 2021
The surge continues:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 838 ---
Governor DeSantis is a complete disgrace. He is blocking the local authorities from mandating 
masks in various locations including schools. He is doing this while at the same time Florida is 
virtually on fire with surging cases. Approximately 20% of all the cases in the country right now 
are in Florida. When you add Florida with Texas you get about 40% of all the cases in the 
country. At the same time he together with his Greek chorus of Rand Paul and other GOP 
members of Congress together with all of the stooges at Fox News (Carlson, Hannity, Ingraham), 
continues to actively criticize me and talk virtually every day about my being wrong on 
everything I say and then I should be fired. This is an obviously calculated plan of disparaging 
me and any other scientists (but focusing heavily on me) that speak up against their crazy 
strategy. I am convinced even more that this is part of the total dystopia going on in certain 
elements of the country and it is all linked to “The Big Lie” involving the election and the denial 
of January 6. I really am worried more about the country then about myself since if this goes on I 
fear that our democracy is in dire danger. 
We had an important conversation today with Glenda Gray and Linda-Gail Bekker of the 
Republic of South Africa. The discussion centered around the fact that Glenda and Linda GAIL 
want to do a randomized placebo-controlled trial using the Moderna M RNA. The purpose of the 
study is to determine if and how well mRNA vaccine works in persons with HIV. We have a real 
problem with doing a randomized placebo-controlled trial and so we got on the phone with 
David Kessler, the people from NIAID including Cliff, John Mascola, Mary Maravich, Carl D., 
and others. I came up with a solution that everyone liked. That was to do a trial where each arm 
gets a prime in boost dose of Moderna and then one group gets randomized to placebo and the 
other group gets randomized to a third dose boost. This will kill two birds with one stone. It will 
avoid the controversial use of a placebo and at the same time tell you whether the mRNA 
vaccine works in persons with HIV and whether and whether or not they need a boost for 
optimal response. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 839 ---
August 8, 2021 – Global   USA
PRESS: CNN “GPS” with Fareed Zakaria; NBC “Meet the Press” with Chuck Todd
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 840 ---
August 9, 2021 – Global   USA
Cases 140,000 yesterday.   It seems that my prediction of 200,000/day will come true 
unfortunately.
We're having continual and difficult discussions concerning boosters. With my strong persuasion 
we have now finally arrived to the reality that we must give an additional dose to 
immunocompromised people as quickly as possible. The real issue that we are struggling with is 
when how and to whom we should give boosters among the population in general. Clearly, we 
want to stagger it so that we don't have rush to the gate. We're trying to get as much data as 
possible to validate a decision to start giving it to the elderly at approximately 8 months 
following their initial vaccination. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 841 ---
I continue to struggle with having to defend the CDC against reasonable concern about the fact 
that they are generally behind the curve when it comes to accumulating data that would inform 
proper public health action. He gets back to previous conversations that we had concerning the 
entrenched culture at CDC who feel that they know best and they are not accountable to anyone. 
Under non pandemic conditions this goes un-noticed. However, in the middle of an outbreak of 
this proportion it is a glaring deficit.  
PRESS: Black News Channel (TV); Hugh Hewitt Radio; Navajo Times Interview; BBC 
World News TV
August 10, 2021 -  Global   USA
The soaring of cases continue. It is really looking rather ominous in that there have been 
numerous reports of gatherings of completely vaccinated people in a moderate to small sized 
party 20 thirty 40 people where you have outbreak of infections among these individuals. It is 
very clear that this virus is very different in its ability to transmit compared to the alpha variant. 
There have been a number of discussions regarding the use of additional booster shots. I 
have been a strong proponent and have led the discussion in getting additional booster doses to 
the people who are immunosuppressed, and to get these doses to them imminently. We have had 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 842 ---
several meetings with Jeff and the team and in some cases with the FDA to try and expedite this. 
It becomes an issue of the clinical data in a somewhat preliminary form balanced against the 
need of the FDA to have firm data before they modify the EUA. The tension between Jeff and 
the CDC continues in that the culture does not allow the CDC to share data in real time in a 
situation in which you actually need data in real time to make a decision. The lack of confidence 
in Rochelle and the rest of the CDC is manifested by the fact that Jeff is having me as opposed to 
Rochelle brief the President about things that appear to be strictly epidemiological. The same 
holds true for briefings of the principles and the governors. I don't know what to do to help 
Rochelle change the culture of the CDC because this is a decades-long problem. Vivek is in total 
agreement with me on this issue.
I met with the President today in the state dining room of the White House to discuss 
together with the administrator of FEMA Deanne Criswell and Assistant to the POTUS for 
Homeland Security Liz Sherwood-Randall among others and together with Natalie and Jeff. The 
topic of the discussion was how we were going to handle the obvious heavy hurricane season 
that is approaching in the context of major outbreaks of COVID in the gulf states that have the 
lowest levels of vaccination and the highest levels of infection. I presented the epidemiology data 
and Liz and Deanne presented  the hurricane data. My impression was that the president was not 
particularly happy with Deanne’s presentations since she was not able to give him the answer to 
a lot of his questions. Nonetheless being the gentleman that he is he did not really act annoyed 
with her although as I get to know his body language better I could sense that he was 
disappointed. 
As indicated above David Kessler and I and most recently with the support of Jeff have been 
trying to push the concept of getting the US government to make a major investment in Lonza 
company that makes the mRNA four Moderna. We're making some progress in the 
implementation of the concept of the US government bankrolling Lonza to expand this capability 
to supply billions of doses of vaccine to the developing world. We had been working on this in 
collaboration with Peter Staley, James Krellenstein, and David Barr.  Unfortunately, Peter in his 
enthusiasm to get things done quickly, orchestrated a letter signed by 175 public health 
advocates essentially criticizing the Biden administration for acting too slowly in getting vaccine 
to the developing world. They sent the letter to the president simultaneously with sending it 
to the Washington Post and my media friends Yasmeen Abutaleb and Dan Diamond wrote 
an article in the Post indicating that David Kessler and I were working with them to get the 
higher ups in the administration to agree with the plan but that we had not been successful. 
Unfortunately, this may have blown our entire plan of getting this done under the radar screen. It 
is likely that this could now interfere with what David and I were trying to do. Yasmeen called 
several times for an interview; however, I did not see any purpose in getting involved in this 
controversial issue and also she had already written the story.  See below:
Wpost: ‘Act now’ on global vaccines to stop more-dangerous variants, experts warn Biden
Vivek called me tonight after resume call with Dawn O'Connell and told me that a number of 
scientists and public health people that were originally on the advisory committee to Biden's 
election group we're writing to Ron Klain urging the administration to fire Rochelle 
Walensky as the CDC director. I believe this is very unfair since after I have spoken to her she 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 843 ---
is really trying very hard to gain control of the agency and to change there are somewhat ossified 
culture. 
PRESS:  MSNBC “Morning Joe” with Mika Brzezinski;  Did Instagram and TikTok 
interviews with  “influencers” including Actor Edgar Ramirez, Kathleen Barnes, Jax 
James, Merrick Hanna Chris Olsen/Ian  Paget, Wisdom Kaye
August 11, 2021
David Kessler is pissed at Peter Staley.  David feels betrayed that Peter mentioned his name 
and my name in his interview with Yasmeen. Last night I called up Courtney Rowe and had a 
long about the pros and cons of responding to Yasmeen who has been trying to get a comment 
from me regarding the article. We came to the conclusion that it would not do any good since the 
quote could be misinterpreted. I agree with Courtney. However we may have a problem that the 
article may set us back in getting jeff's support to push for billions of dollars to expand capacity 
to be directed 2 low and middle income countries. I will try to repair any damage that has been 
done to this effort. I had a good conversation with Peter this morning and I believe Peter realizes 
that he may had done some damage by mentioning my name and David's name in his interview 
with Yasmeen. It is again a delicate balance of trying to get an activist-driven push to get the 
right thing done and still operate within the system that alone has the capability of getting the 
right thing done with all of the political sensitivities involved. 
Email from David Barr to David Kessler:
From: David Barr <davidbarr376@gmail.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, August 11, 2021 8:47 AM
To: Kessler, David (HHS/IOS) <David.Kessler@hhs.gov>; Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: Follow up from the Washington Post story
David -
I saw your message to Peter. I think you have every reason to be annoyed at Peter's quote in the 
story.  The story is about the sign-on letter that was developed as an outcome of a meeting sponsored 
by Yale School of Public Health, PrEP4All, ICAP at Columbia and AVAC, in which Peter was not 
involved.  The letter is focused on the proposed plan to scale up mRNA vaccine manufacturing, a plan 
that has been public for many months now. The letter has nothing to do with the discussions we've 
been having with you and Tony and there was no reason whatsoever for Peter to have mentioned those 
discussions to the reporter. I don't see the quote as revealing any detailed information, but I do see how 
just saying publicly that we've been talking could undermine your negotiations.
I've let Peter know that I'm not happy about this. I feel that you've worked with us in good faith and are 
making progress as evidenced by our last call. I hope we can keep these discussions going forward. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 844 ---
Our goal is to ensure that vaccines are available to the world as quickly as possible. I know you share our 
concerns and understand the urgent need for this. I do not envy your current role in all this, as it must 
be both exhausting and frustrating. I remain confused as to why the President and the global public 
health establishment do not seem to truly share our concerns.  Rather than lengthy negotiations with 
Moderna, why hasn't Biden hauled them into the Oval Office and said 'this is what is going to happen'? 
Instead of a piecemeal structure based on donations, why hasn't the WHO called for wartime footing to 
solve this problem? Meanwhile, the caseload grows and the potential for a new variant grows with it. 
Again, thanks for your efforts to date and I very much hope we can continue our discussions.
David
POTUS called me up today.   Jeff is giving the president a briefing about a number of things 
and he wanted me to specifically brief him about the importance of giving a third dose of vaccine 
to immune compromised people. Jeff felt that it was not worth my going all the way down to the 
White House again since I was there yesterday and so he arranged in the middle of the meeting 
that he was having with the president to have the president call me on my cell phone and have 
me explained to him the rationale of the third dose , namely a booster, to immune compromised 
people since they never had an adequate immune response to begin with. The confusion that the 
president might have is to distinguish the boost for the immune compromised versus a boost for 
those who overtime have an attenuation of their response even though they are immunologically 
normal. It was for this reason that Jeff wanted me to do the explaining. I believe that the 
president understood what I was saying. 
Just to note that almost without exception every week I brief the Principals together with Jeff, 
Natalie, and Rochelle. the principles consist of cabinet secretaries as well as other high ranking 
White House officials. I don't report on it every week but it essentially occurs every week. Today 
I briefed them on various aspects of the delta variant. 
I did a favor for the State Department today by answering a series of Qs and As about the 
mRNA vaccines
PRESS: CNN International with Christiane Amanpour; ABC World News Tonight and 
ABC Evening News; podcast – “America Dissected” with Dr. Abdul El-Sayed
Borowitz satire report in the New Yorker: New Yorker: Fauci Says It Is Safe to Watch 
YouTube Now That Rand Paul Has Been Suspended
August 12, 2021 – Global   USA
Now averaging (7 day) >100,000 cases per day
Hospitaliations in children increasing per 100,000 population
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 845 ---
Had a good call with Hans Kluge, WHO Regional Director of Europe.   Good discussion 
about mutual interests concerning COVID-19 and issues such as vaccine hesitancy.
Had a very important Zoom with Chris Whitty and Patrick Valance see above) from the 
UK. Jeff has suggested that I call up Chris and Patrick and ask them what the strategy is in the 
UK regarding booster shots. To my surprise, I found out that they have not yet implemented 
booster shots for the immune compromised. They plan to do that in September. However, the 
bigger surprise was that although they are planning to give booster shots to the elderly starting 
with those who are 70 years old and older and then moving to the 60 years old and older, they 
will not boost anyone less than 50 years old . This means that they have no intention of boosting 
the general population who are not immune suppressed. Of note, this is consistent with their 
strategy that they care less about transmission of virus among individuals than they do about 
keeping people out of the hospital . That's why they feel that although the general population 
might have a decrease in effectiveness of the vaccines leading to infection and transmission, they 
are not concerned since the protection against severe disease is holding strong. This is consistent 
with their strategy of not wearing a mask and sending the children back to school without masks. 
In other words, they feel that we will have to live with transmission of the virus so long as we 
protect people from getting severe enough disease to be hospitalized. Jeff and president Biden 
were concerned that we would be behind other countries in protecting our citizens when in fact 
we are ahead of them, certainly ahead of the UK. 
PRESS:  White House Press Conference; ABC “Good Morning America” with Amy 
Robach; NBC “Today” with Craig Melvin;  CBS “This Morning” with Vladmir Duthiers; 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 846 ---
ABC “World News Tonight” with David Muir; NBC “Nightly News” with Lester Holt; 
PBS “NewsHour” with William Brangham; KMBC (ABC) TV – Kansas City, MO with 
Mike Mahoney; KDFW TV (FOX) Dallas-Fort Worth with Steven Dial; WPLG TV (ABC) 
Miami with Ben Kennedy; Univision TV with Lourdes del Rio; Telemundo National TV 
with Jose Diaz-Balart; Univision Atlanta TV with Rafael Olavarria; MSNBC “The Reid 
Out” with Joy Reid; CNN AC/360 with Anderson Cooper;  
August 13, 2021
Cases continue to surge 
We had multiple zoom calls and conversations today concerning the proper approach to his 
booster vaccinations.  In addition, based on this submission to the FDA on data in diminished 
response in the immune compromised, the ACIP recommended that people who are immune 
compromised including transplant patients, cancer patients on chemotherapy, any patients on 
severe immunosuppressive therapy, people with advanced HIV disease, and people with primary 
immune deficiencies receive a booster dose. We also had considerable conversations about the 
best way to roll out the recommendations to boost the entire population in an orderly fashion 
starting likely sometime in mid to late September. The COVID team agrees that this is the way to 
go; however, it must be done within the context of the FDA regulatory framework. I am pushing 
my people who are doing clinical trials on booster doses to get data as quickly as possible to the 
FDA and the CDC so that they can analyze it for the purpose of making policy. Jeff is very 
sensitive to the fact that he does not want us to look like we have come in too late to the boosting 
game. This is actually not the case since as mentioned above , if anything, the UK is actually 
behind us. There will certainly be international concern by the fact that we in the USA are giving 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 847 ---
boosts to otherwise healthy people while the rest of the world is lacking even their first boost . 
However, the argument that I am giving is that the USA is donating more doses and money two 
international vaccines for low and middle income countries then the entire rest of the world 
combined . At this point we have contracted for 500 million doses to be distributed in the 
following cadence: 200 million doses by the end of 2021 and 300 million doses before the first 
half of 2022 ends . In addition, we have already given away 110 million doses to 60 countries. 
This includes 80 million of our own doses. In addition, the USA has either given or pledged $4 
billion to COVax. 
There is an interesting concept that is heavily debated among us. Although we all agree that 
we need to do as described above, we are not fully appreciative of what the decrease in incidents 
of infection actually means if the current rate of hospitalization and death appears to remain 
stable. Are we vaccinating people with a boost because we feel that ultimately those increases in 
infection will lead to increases in hospitalization and deaths, or are we concerned that even if 
vaccinated people get infected and spread the infection that we are trying to suppress 
transmission in addition to serious disease. Stay tuned for how this all rolls out.  
PRESS: WTOP with JJ Green; Twitter responses with WH Digital team; CBS Radio Los 
Angeles; CBS Radio NYC; White House twitter with digital team;
August 14, 2021 – Global -     USA – 36,300,000/618,600
140,000 cases in the USA today.
We had continued discussions today with Jeff and David Kessler as to how we are going to 
deal with the activists (Peter Staley et al) in our attempts to cooperate with them in getting doses 
to the developing world. We need to get them to understand that we are with them and trying to 
expand the number of doses we give ; However, they need to understand that we have already 
given more than the entire world combined. So they really need to recognize that we've done a 
lot at the same time that they work with us to do even more rather than attacking us for not doing 
enough. 
Moderna has not acted in good faith. They have actually put in their patent application and 
have explicitly said that Barney Graham, John Mascola, and Kizzy Corbett are not inventors of 
the M RNA 1273 patent.  This is absolutely outrageous and I have had conversations with 
Francis Collins, Larry Tabak, and earlier this evening with Jeff indicating that we have to get a 
heavy hitting law firm to argue our case. I suggested as did Jeff that we employ the firm of 
Williams/Connelly to represent us. 
We are planning to roll out next week the program of giving a booster shot to everyone starting 
with those in long term care facilities and the elderly, but ultimately including everyone related 
to their anniversary date of their last shot. Clearly, we will get both praise and criticism for this. 
August 15, 2021 (Sunday)   Heat wave throughout the country.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 848 ---
I had a very intensive day with the medical team trying to fashion to coherent message to 
justify the announcement that we plan to make this week that we will be giving a booster 
shot to everyone who wants one regardless of age or underlying condition.  This has been a 
very difficult situation since the data for diminution of efficacy regarding hospitalization and 
death are unclear because of the confounding variables of some studies dominated by delta , 
some studies dominated by alpha , and some studies with a combination of both. In addition, 
when we talk about hospitalizations , it is unclear from several of the studies whether those who 
were hospitalized were almost exclusively the elderly and /or people with underlying conditions. 
Jeff is bent on having a coherent sharp message about this when in fact that is very difficult to do 
given the paucity of data. If we are too precise we will be called out because we cannot back it 
with data. If we are general, Jeff feels that the public will be confused. I am trying to convince 
him that it is OK to say that we do not know nor do we have all of the data to make a decision 
and sometimes you have to make a clinical or public health decision just based on clinical 
judgment. In this case the judgment is that delta is a very bad virus and even though we don't 
have firm data yet that younger people are getting seriously ill, we don't want to be late to the 
game. I used the metaphor of Wayne Gretzky who always said it is important to skate where the 
puck will be rather than where the puck is. We do not wait until younger people start requiring 
hospitalizations before we decide that we want to give them a boost. My job in all of this is to 
give the immunological basis for providing a boost. Bottom line is that the controversy will be 
not that we need to give a boost, but do we really need to give it to everyone instead of just to the 
elderly and those who have underlying conditions. One of the most important aspects about all of 
this is that when you boost someone with a third dose at about six months or so after the original 
prime boost the level of antibody goes dramatically high and I believe that this would provide 
durable protection against delta and any other variants that come along. My concern is that the 
Medical Group will not articulate this concept well enough and I will have to be out there trying 
to pick up the pieces as is usually the case. 
Summary of what has been going on hat I might not have had he time to document.  I am 
more and more astounded by the fact that our society is so dystopic in that untruth and out and 
out lies seemed to win the day . In addition, I am concerned that even good scientists playing a 
game of using their longstanding concern with gain of function to call attention to this by what is 
going on regarding the argument about the origin of the virus. There is no question in my mind 
based on so many factors including history, molecular makeup with the virus, among others that 
this virus naturally emerged from an animal reservoir. Yet , people like David Relman and others 
are not realizing that by their focusing on the gain of function which they believe is what we 
funded at Wuhan could possibly be the cause of SARS Co V2 when in fact they know that this is 
molecularly impossible. I have evolved into something that would have been unimaginable 
to me just a few years ago. There are some positive aspects to it ; However, for the most part I 
feel like it is no longer me. I am now probably one of the most recognizable faces in the world. 
Millions of people idolize me and the far right radical group absolutely hate me. I cannot go out 
in public to a restaurant or even walk through a crowd since someone immediately recognizes 
me and wants to take a picture or congratulate me or just say that they said hi to me. This is 
driving my security group crazy as they are afraid fair among these legions of admirers will be 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 849 ---
someone who wants to kill me. All of this together with the stress associated with the fact that 
the president and others in the administration rely heavily on me four major decisions and I have 
very little staff relatively speaking who could help me.  
PRESS:  CBS “Face the Nation” with Nancy Cordes
AUGUST 16, 2021
Pediatric hospitalizations surging:
Someone leaked  our plan for boosters.  The press are texting me all evening.   I am not 
answering.
PRESS:
August 17, 2021
There is a lot going on and a lot of moving parts. We have been working very hard on trying 
to get a plan and a program out to deliver third boost shots to people who have received the 
original two dose vaccine regimen for M RNA. This is a complicated issue because it appears 
that the vaccines in the United states as well as globally particularly in places like Israel and 
England among others are still holding strong and preventing hospitalization and deaths but there 
is a dramatic diminution with the delta variant in protection against infection and symptomatic 
disease. There is an inkling that we are starting to see increase in hospitalizations particularly in 
Israel in vaccinated people. Jeff together with the White House team has been working on a plan 
to be implemented starting September the 20th to get a third shot to everyone in a cadence 
beginning with those who originally had received the vaccine first. These people are 
fundamentally health care workers, the elderly, and people in long term care facilities and 
nursing homes. The problem is the data that definitively show that we are seeing an increase in 
hospitalizations with delta are not there yet. However , as I and others know from experience , 
when you are dealing with COVID-19 , particularly the delta variant, you may be behind the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 850 ---
curve by a few weeks at the time you realize you were behind the curve. I use the analogy of 
skating to where the puck will be not where it is now . In this regard, there will be criticisms that 
we acted too soon particularly since so many people around the world have not yet received any 
vaccine. This is countered by the fact that the United states is doing more than the rest of the 
world combined to get vaccine to lower middle income countries. There is an additional 
complicating issue here in that Jeff is insisting that when we announced this, it looks like it is a 
done deal and we are definitely going to do this . However, it really does depend on or 
authorization from the FDA together with recommendation from the CDC via advice from the 
ACIP. If we come out and definitively say we're going to do it prior to the FDA approval , it 
looks like we have politically influencing the FDA. I am warning Jeff about this because even 
though he is trying to do the right thing , we have to be careful that we don't look like we are 
tipping the scales and overriding the FDA. Janet Woodcock is very concerned about this and I do 
not blame her. 
Another complicating issue is that last night someone leaked our plan to the press and although 
we are going to make the announcement tomorrow the press is running wild with speculations 
and partial data right now. I have not answered any press calls because I do not want to get 
involved invalidating the breaking of a very strict code of silence. Shame on the person or 
persons who leaked this period now we have to explain things without necessarily giving 
everybody all the necessary information. In addition , we have faced with the usual problem of 
the CDC not giving us all the information that we need and even continuing to refer two 
embargoed MMWR papers to come out. We absolutely need to see those data if we are going to 
defend our policy. 
Email that I sent to Ian Sams:
From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov> 
Sent: Tuesday, August 17, 2021 2:02 PM
To: Sams, Ian (HHS/ASPA) <Ian.Sams@hhs.gov>; Kessler, David (HHS/IOS) <David.Kessler@hhs.gov>; 
Murthy, Vivek (HHS/OASH) <Vivek.Murthy@hhs.gov>; Collins, Francis (NIH/OD) [E] 
<collinsf@od.nih.gov>; Walensky, Rochelle (CDC/OD) <aux7@cdc.gov>; Levine, Rachel (HHS/OASH) 
<Rachel.Levine@hhs.gov>; Nunez-Smith, Marcella (OS/ASPR/IO) (CTR) <Marcella.Nunez-
Smith@hhs.gov>
Cc: Phillips, Alexandria (HHS/OASH) <Alexandria.Phillips@hhs.gov>; Perry, Sherice (OS/IEA) 
<Sherice.Perry@hhs.gov>
Subject: RE: Latest statement + Tough QA
Thanks, Ian.   The following that is in the statement is a very important 
part of the statement. Please make sure that it does not 
disappear.  “…once FDA conducts an independent evaluation and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 851 ---
determination of the safety and effectiveness of a third dose of the Pfizer 
and Moderna mRNA vaccines and CDC’s Advisory Committee on 
Immunization Practices (ACIP) issues formal recommendations.”
Best,
Tony
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
I called Janet Woodcock to encourage her to stick by her guns and do the FDA work quickly but 
by the books.   She is even concerned that some FDA whistleblower will tell the press that FDA 
is being “pressured”.
Despite the fact that the leak has made things very complicated , we are putting the finishing 
touches on our plan for the rollout of the booster statement tomorrow. After that I will brief the 
president. This should be interesting since he cannot be in a good mood given the total disaster 
that has gone on with the withdrawal from Afghanistan and the complete takeover by the 
Taliban. 
I had an incredible and stressful evening tonight on the phone multiple times with Jeff and 
Rochelle and then later with John Mascola.    Poor Rochelle!  She had been telling all along to 
Jeff that the acip would go along with what we are doing. Jeff wrote a speech for the president 
that definitively said what we are doing. Now that the leak has occurred the acip is furious that 
we have already decided what we want to do without even consulting them. Jeff is being very 
rigid in getting a very clear crisp message of what the plan is and when Rochelle heard that 
Natalie had asked her to put together a schedule of how to roll out the plan, she panicked since 
this would actually pushed the acip over the line that they are being treated as a rubber stamp. I 
called up Jeff and explained to him that we really need to pull back on the schedule issue . After 
much discussion in which he got very agitated , but maintained his friendship and respect for me 
we decided to call up Rochelle and Vivek and have a zoom conversation. He was furious with 
her because he said that she kept on telling him that she had the acip in total alignment with what 
we're doing and now all of a sudden the acip is a problem. I believe that her job is in danger. I 
spent a lot of time on the phone trying to get Jeff to appreciate that we have got to stay within the 
process of how recommendations are made and that we can do that at the same time ultimately 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 852 ---
doing what we feel is right. I finally got him to listen to me and I had him change some wording 
in the president's speech for tomorrow that would add a degree of flexibility to the fact that we 
will ultimately get done what we want to do but that we would tip our hat to the 
recommendations of the acip. After it was all over and at 10:15 PM Jeff called me up again to 
see what my thoughts were. He had changed the POTUS comments to include the caveat that the 
details are dependent on FDA approval and recommendations from the CDC’s advisors.  He was 
considerably calmed down and I went step by step with him and told him that we likely will be 
able to pull this off and get it right without having the rest of the world think we were railroading 
the acip which really was not what we wanted to do. He seemed OK with that.   At the end of the 
day, after the BLA, people and physicians will boost whoever they want to boos whenever they 
want to. 
PRESS: PBS South Florida TV; National Association of Black Journalists – Interview of 
me and Cameron Webb by Dr. Ian Smith (Physician/journalist/author)
August 18, 2021 – Global -  208,500,000/4,400,000;  USA – 37,100,000/621,300
Yesterday 180,000 cases.   7 day daily average >100,000
Had a very eventful and stressful day today; however things worked out well with the rollout 
of the booster plan at the White House press conference. Following that I briefed the president 
and VP in the Oval Office together with Vivek, Jeff, Rochelle, Berchara, and Marcella, and 
Natalie.   Only Vivek and I in person.  The president and vice president asked good questions , 
particularly with regard to the president's concern that this is contingent upon FDA and acip 
recommendations . He picked up right away on the concern that Jeff had that we needed to do 
this and make sure that we don't have a stumbling block with the FDA and acip. The one issue 
that could arise is that the FDA may feel that the risk benefit ratio of boosting young kids 18 
years old and there abouts may not be favorable in the context of the risk of myocarditis 
balanced against the risk of their winding up in the hospital as a result of COVID. The president 
is having a bad few days given what is going on in Afghanistan with the Taliban having taken 
over the country in just a couple of days following withdrawal of USA troops.   
As expected the response to the rollout of the booster plan was very mixed, and quite 
understandably. The CDC messaging all along has been dysfunctional . I do not think that 
this is the fault of Rochelle, but just the function of the culture  at CDC where they hang on to 
data without letting anybody know about it until it's ready to be published. We had another 
instance where Rochelle was very reticent to show any of the medical team what was in the 
upcoming MMWRs that actually impact greatly the booster roll out because in typical fashion it 
was “embargoed “.  One cannot imagine how ridiculous this is that a public health agency is 
acting like an academic department in a Medical Center where the most important thing is 
publishing data as opposed to guiding public health decisions. I take this opportunity now to talk 
about it , but this has been a chronic problem literally for the decades that I have been the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 853 ---
director of NIAID. Of note, Yasmeen Abutaleb wrote an article this morning in the 
Washington Post in which she described this exact problem. (see below).
Getting back do the concept of boosters, it is very clear that it is the right thing to do . However, 
given the fluid nature of the situation , we had to make some “majestic leaps” by anticipating that 
something was going to happen such as diminution of vaccine protection and acting on this now 
even though the data we're not absolutely firm. A lot of people got bent out of shape about this, 
but they are not responsible for the public health and they could guess and say whatever they 
want as have many “talking heads” with impunity because if they are right they look great but if 
they are wrong , which they usually are, then no one really cares because they have no authority 
or responsibility. 
PRESS: NBC “Nightly News” with Lester Holt; CBS “Evening News” with David 
Begnaud; MSNBC “The Reid Out” with Joy Reid; CNN with Chris Cuomo;
The Post's View
Opinion: The covid-19 boosters have the same 
goals as the first shots: Survival and resilience
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 854 ---
Washington Post: Fears over rising illness and death 
from the delta variant fuel Biden 
administration push for boosters
Health officials expected to announce recommendation 
Wednesday that Americans get extra shots
By 
Tyler Pager, Laurie McGinley, Dan Diamond and Lena H. Sun
August 19, 2021 – Global     USA
Cases recently >200,000/day   weekly average >100,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 855 ---
I just had a good conversation, my first conversation with New York State Lieutenant 
governor Kathy Hochul. Starting on Monday August 23rd she will be the governor of New 
York State replacing Andrew Cuomo who resigned affective August 23rd related to the sexual 
harassment scandal in which he was involved. The conversation with Kathy was very positive 
and she is very interested in working very closely with me and getting advice from me regarding 
how New York State should handle the explosive outbreak of the delta variant. 
Much press (see below) regarding the announcement yesterday on booster shots. 
I received an email late in the evening from Elizabeth Alexander the communications 
director for the first lady Jill Biden. She wanted me to edit an opinion piece that the first lady 
was writing for Time magazine . I spent about an hour late at night doing it for her.sorry one 
second 
PRESS: Another hour long TikTok/Instagram session with young “influencers” who 
amazingly have millions of followers; did 6 Regional TV hits at request of the White House: 
WSVN Miami with Lynn Martinez; WTVT Tampa with Craig Patrick; WTMJ Milwaukee 
with Charles benson; DBI Radio with Rene Miller; Univision (National) with Janet 
Rodriguez; Telemundo (National) Lourdes….;  MSNBC  with Andrea Mitchell;  CNBC 
“Closing Bell” with Sara Eisen and Wilfred Frost; CNN with Jake Tapper;
 
August 20, 2021
Cases still increasing:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 856 ---
I had a conversation today with the Minister of Health of Gabon – Dr. Guy Patrick Obiang 
Ndong.  The purpose of the meeting was for me to give him an idea of how we handle COVID 
in the United states and to answer some of his questions particularly around the area of 
misinformation and disinformation that has led to vaccine hesitancy which as it turns out is a 
major problem in southern Africa including his own country. We had a good conversation 
moderated by Ms. Anne Soy, a journalist from BBC.  The MOH did not mention it but I'm sure 
there is this feeling of concern that we are planning to give out third shot boosts at the same time 
that Africa has very very little vaccine. I have explained on several of the TV shows and imprint 
that the USA has already given more doses to LMICs then the entire rest of the world combined 
(see above). In addition, we plan to give hundreds of millions more and they are also working 
with Peter Staley and the activists to provide major increases of doses to the rest of the world 
(see below ).
There is still ongoing controversy among some people regarding whether the idea about 
giving a boost was justified by the data. I had a good conversation with Paul Offit who fields 
that we may have jumped the gun. Vincent Racaniello has written in his blog that he does not 
think that the boosters are justified. They are all waiting to see data regarding an increase in 
hospitalization as a result of delta and waning immunity. I still believe given the Israel data that 
boosters in their country are already showing a significant decreases in the number of 
breakthrough infections that we did the right thing in making our decision. In addition, those 
who object seemed to forget about the fact that short of hospitalizations a lot of people get 
seriously ill with symptoms and signs of long COVID that can be very troublesome. The 
boosters are safe and to put it in plain terms it can help, and it certainly cannot hurt.
August 21, 2021
184,000 cases today!
August 22, 2021 (Sunday) – (no shows for me today – predominantly Vivek Murthy)
Had a zoom call today with Jeff and the medical team planning how we can roll out the 
booster situation putting all the pieces together with the FDA, the CDC, and the acip. We 
also heard that FISA will get it's BLA on Monday August 23rd. One of the important parts of the 
discussion was my relating data that we have received from the Minister of Health of Israel. The 
data clearly show that hospitalizations for people with two doses of vaccine are going up 
significantly particularly among the elderly and those with underlying conditions . In addition, 
they are showing that the efficacy of two doses against infection and symptomatic disease has 
dramatically diminished, and when you give the third dose boost, this turns it around 
dramatically and diminishes the breakthrough infections. These data are well ahead of the 
somewhat disjointed data from the CDC. However what it does do is_that we are correct in 
asking for boosters essentially for everyone. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 857 ---
In addition, I am going to pursue with calls to Peter Staley and others (Krellenstein and 
Barr) as well as a follow up call with Jeff , David Kessler, and me to plan a more coherent 
strategy about getting doses led by the United states to the rest of the world. The plan to do 
this would be to increase dramatically the production capacity of the companies particularly 
moderna even if we have to deal with Lonza directly since Lonza is a major multilocation 
company that is producing the vaccine for Moderna. Stay tuned.
In a follow up conversation with Jeff and David Kessler, Jeff was amenable to pursuing the 
plan of Peter and the activist group ; however, he wanted to make sure that we got the 
situation with the Moderna booster straight before we started to go to war with Moderna to get 
them to cooperate with us on the Lonza deal. I believe that Jeff is serious about this and we may 
in fact go that route once we get the approvals to use moderna as part of the booster plan. In this 
regard, Tom Frieden call me up tonight urging me to push ahead with the “nuclear option “a 
forcing moderna to cooperate in expanding capacity for the developing world. Tom feels that 
moderna or a bunch of used car salesman and he does not trust them at all. He has stated , which 
is partially true, that they would be nothing without the NIH and the federal government. 
In this regard, Beth Cameron from NSC wanted me to look over a summit plan for addressing 
the global issue of COVID. I wrote back to her and emphasized that I feel strongly that the 
United states should take a PEPFAR-type approach in assuming any leadership role in getting 
doses to low and middle income countries.
The Israeli data are emerging as extremely important since it is clear , as they are about a 
month and a half ahead of us and everything, that the vaccine efficacy is diminishing 
significantly overtime against infection and symptomatic disease. However, unlike the situation 
here in the USA, the Israelis are starting to see a diminution in protection against hospitalization 
and death. This is exactly what we have predicted in our decision to move ahead with the booster 
program. Furthermore, the Israelis are starting to see a very positive effect following giving 
boosters to over 1,000,000 people in the sense that the number of infections have dramatically 
diminished in association with the administration of the boosters.  
August 23, 2021 – Global   USA
BLA granted for Pfizer by the FDA!!
I just did a site visit to the Department of State facility that does the screening for 
diplomatic pouches and mail. This is the facility that has been screening my mail ever since I 
had the anthrax scare with the power in one of my letters literally one year ago four days from 
now. Brett Rowland arrange for me to go there to thank the people in the facility and to 
encourage them in their work. They were very grateful but I took the time to visit them and there 
was the usual selfies galore. 
Another important issue today was that we were told by Larry Tabak at the state department 
wanted us to remove any names of people in Afghanistan that we are interacting with through 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 858 ---
grants or contracts from our public facing databases and websites. The reason for this is that we 
are concerned that the Taliban will use the websites to identify people in Afghanistan with 
connections to the United states and would then assassinate them. It is very clear that things are 
not going well following the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Afghanistan. The Taliban has easily 
taken over the country and now we are having trouble getting Americans as well as Afghanistan 
allies such as interpreters out of Kabul safely. It's a very bad time for the Biden administration 
since they are being severely criticized for not having the right intelligence capability to indicate 
to them that the Taliban would take over so quickly without allowing time for us to withdraw our 
own personnel in an orderly fashion. What we did was withdraw the military first thinking that 
we would have ample time to withdraw diplomats and other personnel safely . Obviously this is 
not the case and it is still a very tenuous situation in Afghanistan. 
PRESS: Podcast 70 Over 70; NPR “All Things Considered” with Mary Louise Kelly; 
Podcast “A Starting Point” with Mark Kassen and Chris Evans; PBS ”NewsHour” with 
Judy Woodruff; MSNBC “Peacock” with Mehdi Hasan;
August 24, 2021 – Global     USA
Cases, hospitalizations and deaths (to a lesser extent) continue to soar.
More conspiracy theory like letters keep coming in from congressmen and senators trying 
to link us to the origin of COVID-19. This is an amazing and unbelievable waste of our time 
and has no bearing whatsoever on what we have actually done with that minor, minor  $125,000 
grant to the Wuhan institute of virology. It is totally mind boggling how they are distorting the 
truth to try and distract from the reality of what actually had happened during the Trump 
administration where he lied and underplayed the outbreak. 
Strange but not surprising thing happened as a result of several of the shows that I was on 
over the last 24 hours. On several of the TV shows I was talking mostly about the favorable 
aspect of the final approval of the BLA for Pfizer. However, in one of the conversations someone 
asked when I thought we were to get back to normal. I gave the usual caveats but then went on to 
say if we get as many people vaccinated as we possibly can as quickly as we possibly can we 
could diminish the number of cases and if we get through the winter which will be complicated 
by influenza and other respiratory infections, then I believe we could get back to some form of 
real normality by the spring of 2022. Much to my surprise I got a call this morning from Jeff 
clearly upset because the news media had jumped on that and said that Biden has been saying 
we're going to get out of this soon and Fauci who knows what's going on is saying it's going to 
be into next year. I am getting a little bit concerned, even though I understand Jeff's concern 
about the distortion of a message for a political purpose, that we may be tailoring a message that 
is not totally aligned with the truth. In fact, I believe we would be very lucky if we're back to 
normal by the spring of 2022. I told Jeff that from now on when asked to predict I will just say 
we don't know. This might actually not go over very well with the press anyway, but that is what 
I will say. Of note shortly after my call with Jeff, Courtney Rowe called me up in a much more 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 859 ---
conciliatory manner saying she understands how these things get taken out of context and said 
that she heard it a lot more the way I meant it; however, we really need to be careful that people 
would be distorting our message. I agree with her. 
PRESS: CBS “This Morning” with Gayle King; NBC “Today”; MSNBC “Morning Joe”; 
Telemundo TV Hoy Dia with Adamari Lopez;
August 25, 2021 – Global    USA
Cases continue > 120,000/day
Had an extremely interesting Zoom meeting yesterday with the Israeli Minister of Health 
and several Israeli scientists.  The Israelis have always been about a month or so ahead of the 
USA temporarily with regard to the dynamics of the outbreak, the percentage of population 
vaccinated, and their recent decision to provide booster shots as third doses first to their elderly 
and then to progressively younger people. On the zoom call that Danny Douek and Bob Seder 
helped organize since Danny spent a year sabbatical in Israel, it became clear that's what we 
suspected was actually true. On the call for the Israelis were: Nachman Ash, Minister of Health 
of Israel; Sharon Alroy-Preis – Director of Public Health Services for Israel; Ran Achitov – 
Senior Advisor to the Israel Prime Minister Naftali Bennett; Ron Milo – Weizmann Institute; 
Boaz Lev.  The Israelis were seeing a gradual waning of protection of the Pfizer vaccine over a 
few months to the point of protection against infection and mild disease was dramatically 
diminished after several months. Importantly, they found that the protection against severe 
disease leading to hospitalization also significantly decreased. This latter point is extremely 
important because the data from the USA cohorts was suggesting that But did not definitively 
show it. In addition, they gave booster shots to about 1.6 million people and have shown that the 
booster shots dramatically reconstitute the protection against infection. clinical disease and 
hospitalization.  Furthermore, they found a decrease in the Ro strongly suggesting that the 
booster also diminished transmission. These findings completely validate I would decision to 
begin giving boosters here in the United States.  I briefed Jeff on this last night and we will 
arrange an additional call with the Israelis including John Mascola, David Kessler, and others 
involved in our program. 
PRESS:  
The Times of Israel:
Health Ministry officials said to update Fauci 
on COVID booster shot campaign
Today, 9:02 pm 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 860 ---
•
US top infectious disease expert Dr. Anthony Fauci testifies before the Senate Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions Committee, on Capitol Hill in Washington, on July 20, 2021. (J. Scott Applewhite, Pool/AP)
The Kan public broadcaster reports that top Health Ministry officials, including director-general 
Nachman Ash, held a virtual meeting with Dr. Anthony Fauci to discuss Israel’s COVID-19 vaccine booster 
shot campaign.
The report says that the Israeli officials updated Fauci, who is director of the National Institute of Allergy 
and Infectious Diseases and US President Joe Biden’s chief medical advisor, on figures showing that the 
third vaccine dose provides increased protection against infection and serious morbidity.
The US is planning to begin administering booster shots next month.
August 26, 2021 -   Global – 213,400,000/4,460,000; USA – 38,300,000/631,400
Cases still soaring
The people in the White House medical team are all excited now about the Israeli data, and they want 
me to arrange for resume between members of our White House team and our Israeli colleagues. I would 
be happy to do this since I want them to appreciate the extraordinary data that the Israelis have. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 861 ---
PRESS: Washington Post:  A science in the shadows
Controls on ‘gain of function’ experiments with supercharged 
pathogens have been undercut despite concerns about lab 
leaks
By 
David Willman
and 
Madison Muller
August 27, 2021 – Global – 214,500,000/4,470,000; USA – 38,500,000/632,800
Just as a follow up over the last days to weeks  - I continue to get attacked viciously by the 
far right social media including FOX News. they are still dancing around the inappropriate 
conflating of gain of function research (See Willmann article above) and the origin of the virus. I 
am starting to get so annoyed by this that for the first time ever I'm seriously discussing with 
Christine the timeline not my stepping down from this ridiculously thankless situation that I'm in 
. I say that still knowing that it is very unlikely that I will do that. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 862 ---
POTUS slight mis-speak – Interesting situation arose today. We were in our pre brief for the 
White House presser that would take place in 1/2 an hour. In the middle of the pre brief , 
president Biden called me up on my cell phone. He said he was in with the Prime Minister of 
Israel and the Prime Minister was telling him that Israel will be giving their booster shot at five 
months. The president wanted to know what we were doing about that and were we following 
the lead of Israel. I told him that we were sticking with eight months but since the ultimate 
decision will be with the acip that they would likely give us the possibility of a range from six to 
nine months and so depending on the data, we would have the option of giving it earlier . 
However, for now we were sticking with eight months beginning on September the 20th. Very 
shortly after I said that the president got up and said that we might start boosting earlier perhaps 
at five months because the Israelis are doing that and he spoke to me about it. As one might 
imagine this created a flurry among the press and White House comms . The good news is that 
everybody in White House comms knew exactly what I said to the President and so it was just 
one of those things that the President will say what the president will say (see below).    
And has been wanting to get more closely involved in the data flow and information flow . In 
this regard, he has asked me to see if I could get him more involved in the various meetings that 
we have among the White House medical team . I have arranged that and we will have him join 
the weekly meeting that Vivek organizers among the White House docs. In addition I have 
arranged for him to visit NIH and sit down for a roundtable chat mostly but the people from the 
VRC. We did that today and it was interesting as usual since Eric is a very smart guy. 
PRESS:   TV and Radio for local stations: Black Information Network (Radio); Rolling 
Out (TV); The Root (Radio); Instagram Live with Geoff Edgers (Washington Post);
White House plans to clarify Biden boosters 
statement
Caitlin Owens  (Axios)
August 28, 2021 (Saturday) – 
Zoom meetings with Jeff -  There is concern about sticking with the eight month projection for 
the beginning of boosting. Jeff is adamant not to waver on the 8 month projection even though it 
is clear from the data in Israel as well as from the general knowledge that in Israel there is 
waning of protection as early as five months. I will be on all the Sunday shows tomorrow and I 
will have to walk a tightrope to stick with eight months on the one hand and leave the flexibility 
for earlier than eight months on the other.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 863 ---
The intelligence community report on the origins came out and in some respects it was good 
news in that they felt fairly confident that it was not a bioweapon nor that it was bioengineered. 
They still left open the possibility that it could be a lab leak ; However, more elements of the 
intelligence community felt that it was a natural occurrence compared to the single component 
(FBI) who seemed to feel strongly that it was a lab leak , although this is based on no data at all. 
The reaction to the report was rather typical with Bob Garry saying that he was pleased that it 
ruled out bio engineering and David Relman making the incredible statement in a Nature news 
article that he would like to see all of the records of the NIH in their dealing with Chinese 
scientists. Truly amazing! There is no doubt that he has an agenda here and that is unfortunate. 
August 29, 2021 (Sunday) – 
Cases continue to surge   with increases in hospitalizations as well as deaths. The cases have 
been between 100,000 and 150,000 for several days in a row now. 
 Thus far the piece by David Willman has not received much attention. It has only appeared 
online and I expected it to be on the front page of the Sunday Washington Post and in fact it was 
not there it is possible that the situation in Afghanistan as well as the horror of the upcoming 
hurricane Ida has pushed this out of the news. 
I will have to navigate all of the difficult questions today since the White House is putting me out 
on all the Sunday shows. 
The boosts that the Israelis are giving or having a profoundly positive effect on deminishing the 
number of cases that are severe . See below: 
Israel: Two weeks after the third dose campaign, and for the past two weeks, there is a 
decrease in the fraction of cases who become seriously ill https://bit.ly/3gKS7fY 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 864 ---
PRESS: CNN “State of the Union” with Jake Tapper; ABC “This Week” with Martha 
Raddatz; NBC “Meet the Press” with Chuck Todd;
August 30, 2021
>150,000 cases today
Did podcast with American Muslim Health Professionals
Jeff continues to be frustrated with Rochelle.  she does not seem to have the control over her 
agency that Jeff would like to have her execute. He is frustrated that she doesn't tell anybody 
what's coming out in MMWR as if it were a private journal as opposed to what it really is - the 
journal of the CDC. In addition, Jeff is very concerned that she is out of touch with what goes on 
in the acip and in other various components that interact with the CDC. The other night I had to 
talk him down from feeling like he had to let her go. I continue to have faith in her and that she is 
a very good person but she is dealing with a rigid and secretive organization that has been that 
way decades before she arrived. 
PRESS:  Sinclair TV; TikTok with influencers including Grammy Award-winner (4X) 
Jason Isbell;
August 31, 2021 -   Global -216,900,000/4,500,000; USA – 39,100,000/637,400
Trouble at the FDA.  Today it was announced that Marion Gruber and Phil Krause will leave 
CBER at the FDA. The reason being given is that they are upset that decisions have been made 
by acip and by the White House that should have been made first at the level of the FDA. This 
has been superimposed upon the fact that the administration is having a hard time making a 
decision about who the next FDA commissioner will be. There is pushback from some senators 
particularly Joe Manchin (D-WV) against Janet Woodcock even though she should be the top 
candidate. The loss of Marion and Phil is a big blow to the FDA. 
More drama with the FDA CDC relationship.   Another late night call from Larry Horowitz 
telling me that the CDC with Rochelle want the ACIP to discuss publicly data that might confuse 
the issue since the FDA has confidential data that might change the direction of the discussion. 
Somehow or other the CDC does not fully appreciate that traditionally their ACIP working group 
was allowed to discuss in private data related to a particular study, but they would not publicly 
discuss it until the FDA weighed in on it. As it currently is rolling out, Rochelle seems somehow 
influenced perhaps by Amanda Fine who is a CDC employee but who is the executive secretary 
of the ACIP. They want to publicly discuss data before the FDA weighs in with data that they 
have that is confidential. Bottom line is that if the ACIP publicly discusses incomplete data, 
when the FDA weighs in with the confidential data it would cause a lot of confusion. This is 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 865 ---
driving Jeff crazy and again he is on the verge of firing Rochelle.  Again, Jeff is asking me to 
help solve the problem by speaking to Rochelle and explaining to her why it is so important to do 
things in the traditional format of giving the FDA the chance to make decisions about data before 
the ACIP ways in with recommendations concerning those data to the CDC. I called up Peter 
Marks last night and Peter feels that the CDC and the ACIP are breaking tradition here and Peter 
feels strongly that it is OK for the working groups acip to discuss data so  long as they do not do 
so publicly before the FDA opines from a regulatory standpoint.   
 PRESS:
September 1, 2021   Global – 217,600,000/4,500,000; USA – 39,300,000/638,700
I spoke to Rochelle this AM.  I tried to explain to her the dilemma that we are in with this 
disagreement between CDC /ACIP and the FDA where Jeff agrees that the acip should not opine 
before the FDA rules. Clearly, Jeff is expecting me to be the arbitrator here and fix this. Jeff is 
very concerned that the acip will come out with recommendations contrary to what we had 
already planned and what the FDA will allow and that this will make it look like we are “the 
gang that could not shoot straight “.   Rochelle feels that we are all going to be in the same place 
anyway but Jeff is concerned to the contrary.  Jeff asked me to broker a meeting between senior 
CDC and senior FDA officials to see if we can settle this dispute regarding the role of acip.  
PRESS:  CNN “The Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer
September 2, 2021 – Global -     USA - 
Weekly average 149,000 cases/day
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 866 ---
Important reflection about “controlling the message” - I thought I would make this comment 
now since it is something that has been ongoing for some time. It relates to the fact that this 
administration particularly in the form of Jeff does not at all want to interfere with the science or 
dictate what the science should be saying. This is completely different from the interference with 
science and the actual contradiction of science that was so rampant during the Trump 
administration. However, in the situation where we came out with the statements that we should 
begin boosters on the week of the 20th of September and at 8 months from the time individuals 
finish their original immunization regimen, it is clear that the timing was not totally science 
driven . It was logistically driven. In other words, we found out in late July that it was clear 
based on the hint of what we were seeing here in the United States and what the Israelis were 
seeing that we would need to boost. From a logistics standpoint we could not begin to do that 
until September which would put it eight months following the time that the first people got their 
vaccination in January. And so the eight month timeframe was not based on any biological or 
clinical science. It was based purely on logistics. And yet whenever we have a discussion Jeff 
insists that we stay with eight months because the science dictates that it is 8 months. That is just 
not true. It very well may be and in fact it looks like it should be earlier, such as six months. The 
reason Jeff did not want to change or veer away from 8 months is that he did not want it to seem 
that we were saying one thing on one day, and a week or so later we would change it, for 
example changing from eight months to six months. I consider this a fixation on messaging 
which is really unnecessary. I would have said we chose eight months because it was already 
eight months from the time that people got their first vaccination. Jeff was afraid that we would 
get criticized that we should have been doing it earlier if we switch from eight to six months. I 
would have said what the truth was that we picked eight months at first because that was the 
logistic reason and as soon as we found out that it was better to do it at six months we would 
then change to six months. It is the truth and there's nothing wrong with that. 
Important principals meeting today in the SCIF.  the meeting was led by Jake Sullivan of 
NSC . The subject matter was how the United states could take a leadership role in the global 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Specifically, the question arose about how we can get 
foreign countries including China and India to participate in the process of getting doses to low 
and middle-income countries. A number of the principals weighed in including Samantha 
Powers, Tony Blinken, and others. Although I have a keen interest in this concept and I have 
been discussing it in detail with Jeff and with Peter Staley and David Kessler, I did not 
preemptively make any comments since they did not ask me to. However, in the future I will 
give my opinion as how we can best accomplish this goal. 
Sept. 3, 2021 – Global    USA
Continued tension between CDC /Rochelle and Jeff concerning the rollout of the booster 
program. The consistent problem is the concern that Jeff has that the ACIP might come out with 
significant variance from what we had planned. Jeff does not want to control the science , but he 
clearly wants to make sure that we do not have a garbled message. Going back over this in time, 
Jeff wanted to get out a crisp message of what we will do with boosters because he felt that if we 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 867 ---
did not, the country would say that we were behind the curve and that we allowed people to die 
without getting boosted. For that reason we put out the statement that we have a plan to boost. 
Now among some it appears that the White House and the medical team haver gotten ahead of 
the science and the usual process , which actually is not the case. 
The National Geographic documentary “FAUCI” came out yesterday at Telluride Film 
Festival.  I am understandably concerned that the radical right and others who hate me will 
consider the film self-aggrandizing. However, it is very clear that I did not solicit this film. it 
started off as a film about HIV driven by Janet Tobias.  At the onset Glenda Gray and I were 
featured people in the film centered around HIV vaccines. When the producers that Janet met 
with saw some of the filmed material they felt that it would be better to do a film about me 
focusing on the concept of “The Public Servant”.  When National Geographic took over, they 
made it a very polished documentary which was not at all a hero worship of me but was a 
realistic portrayal of the stress and strain and ups and downs of what I have been through with 
multiple outbreaks, particularly HIV and COVID. Having said that the film will likely be praised 
by many but also used by some to continue to attack me. Such as life.  
Participated in “The European House” Ambrosetti Conference in Lake Como (virtually) 
with panelists Kai-fu Lee, Stephane Bancel and moderated by Mariya Gabriel
Difficulties setting in with the booster rollout.  As I suspected it is not going to be a smooth 
rollout of all three companies being able to provide boosters by September the 20th. One of the 
key obstacles has been Moderna who is insisting on making their booster dose 50 micrograms. 
Given the fact that everything else has been done with 100 micrograms this will cause a delay by 
at least a few weeks for the rollout of the Moderna product. Therefore, this will lead to a 
disjointed program.  Jeff is not happy, but it is what it is.
PRESS: Podcast with Andy Slavitt; Canadian Broadcast TV; MSNBC with Chris Hayes
September 4, 2021 – Global -    USA – 39,800,000/644,800
Still a fair amount of confusion and concern about the rollout of the booster program. 
David Kessler comes down hard on the fact that the ACIP cannot be out of sync with the FDA. If 
the FDA says that boosters are OK for people 18 and older, David feels it is not appropriate for 
the ACIP to restrict it to 65 years of age and older. Obviously, Jeff is upset by what has gone on 
since this is what he has tried to avoid. 
September 5, 2021- Global   USA
Very nice thing happened tonight. Jeff called me by phone just to thank me for everything that 
I am doing. He read the transcripts of my appearances on the Sunday shows and wanted to tell 
me how grateful he was for the fact that I've been doing this for such a long time, much longer 
than any of the others , and he thought that it would be important for me to know that everybody 
appreciates what I'm doing. 
PRESS:  CBS “Face the Nation”; CNN with Jim Acosta
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 868 ---
September 6, 2021 - Global    USA
Jeff brought over my house this evening the POTUS speech for Wednesday to have me 
check for any issues or inaccuracies.   I made a few edits, but nothing substantial.
September 7, 2021 – Global    USA
Cases  averaging >150,000/day.  
Going back and forth with FDA (Peter Marks) about whether  there will be enough safety 
data on young people to justify boosters for everyone.   Peter is aligned with me. I feel that if 
the safety data holds we should definitely give boosts to everyone at every age. I do not believe 
that you have to show a diminution in protection against hospitalization in order to trigger a 
booster. No way in a clinical trial would you require hospitalization to be a primary endpoint. 
We need to prevent symptomatic disease in everyone as well as preventing the spread of 
infection. That is why we need a booster for everyone . I have said it before , and I will say it 
now that I feel the proper regimen for COVID-19 vaccinations should be a prime followed in 
four weeks by a boost followed and five to seven months buy a third shot boost. 
PRESS: CNN “New Day” with Jim Sciutto; NPR “Morning Edition” with Rachel Martin; 
La Stampa (Italian TV); New York Times Podcast with Apoorva Mandavilli
September 8, 2021
I had an interesting visit today in the Oval Office with President Biden. I was there to brief 
him about the mu variant as well as to go over his six-point speech that he is going to be 
delivering tomorrow. Clearly, President Biden is troubled by getting the right message to the 
American people. He is concerned that people would be under the impression that we will never 
get out of the oppression of this pandemic. And so, he struggled with the words in his upcoming 
speech which I had the opportunity over the last few days to help edit. He was struggling with 
the issue of how we can say that the unvaccinated people or an impediment to where we want to 
go without discouraging the vaccinated people from feeling that even though they are vaccinated 
they are powerless to be able to lead a normal existence so long as the unvaccinated people are 
continuing to propagate the spread of the virus. I suggested to him that instead of saying that the 
25% of the population that are unvaccinated are hindering the 75% of the population that are 
vaccinated , he should focus on the fact that the unvaccinated people are not harming the 
vaccinated people physically but they are preventing us from returning to a normal life which at 
the end of the day is a negative issue for the 75% of the population who are vaccinated. It is a 
complicated message, and he is struggling with it . I am convinced that he is an extremely 
sincere and good person who wants to do the right thing. 
September 9, 2021 – Global – 222,400,000/4,600,000; USA – 40,500,000/652,500
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 869 ---
>160,000 infections today
President gave his national speech today on the 6th part plan to combat the delta variant. As 
mentioned above I played a role and editing his speech and in discussing yet with the president 
himself yesterday as well as with Jeff and the White House team. 
PRESS:  Podcast with David Rubenstein; Fireside chat with The Boston Globe; NBC 
Nightly News with Lester Holt; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff; CNN “AC360” with 
Anderson Cooper; 
Sept. 10, 2021
PRESS: NBC News Now (Online TV) with Savannah Sellers; Regional TV -Raleigh-
Durham (Jonah Kaplan); St. Louis (Cory Stark); Little Rock, AR (Mitch McCoy); “The 
Skimm (Alex Carr); Politica Ya Unvision (TSi-Tsi-Ki Felix); Telemondo (Julio Vaquiero)
Great review of the documentary “FAUCI”:
The Heavy Burden of Being Dr. Anthony Fauci
MISGUIDED HATE
The new documentary “Fauci” follows the infectious-disease expert—the COVID-19 adviser to Trump 
and Biden—throughout the pandemic, probing his deepest thoughts and fears. 
Nick Schager
Updated Sep. 10, 2021 5:28AM ET / Published Sep. 10, 2021 4:51AM ET 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 870 ---
National Geographic for Disney+
“It reduces my trust in humanity” is how National Institute of Health (NIH) nurse and bioethicist Dr. 
Christine Grady describes her feelings about the abuse heaped upon her husband, Dr. Anthony Fauci, in 
Fauci. 
For those who’ve grown frustrated with their unvaccinated fellow citizens’ egotism, stupidity, and 
recklessness, it’s a familiar and relatable sentiment, and one that colors John Hoffman and Janet Tobias’ 
documentary (in select theaters Sept. 10) about the director of the National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases (NIAID) and chief medical adviser to President Joe Biden. Driven by 
interviews with 
Fauci himself, it’s an insightful portrait of a man who’s dedicated his career to helping solve some of the 
world’s most serious disease-related crises, as well as a celebration of the selfless courage, compassion, 
and open-mindedness of a physician who’s stood tall in the face of unjust vilification and threats.
Tucker Carlson, Laura Ingraham, and Lou Dobbs (remember him?) all appear in Fauci, slamming the 
doctor in various disgusting ways and, in the process, stirring up opposition to the very figure most 
responsible for guiding the nation through the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. When Fauci describes 
recently opening an envelope that covered him in white powder, and the immediate thoughts that ran 
through his head—is this a hoax, anthrax or ricin?—Hoffman and Tobias’ film underlines the constant 
and immediate danger that Fauci is now in, thanks to a percentage of the population that views him as 
the embodiment of both the pandemic and the social restrictions required to mitigate it. He’s at the 
center of a Republican-led maelstrom born from ignorance and insanity, and as he remarks about the 
global catastrophe that’s still unfolding, “I think we’re going to get through it, but we’re going to get 
through it in spite of this divisiveness, and this politicization. We’re not going to get through it because 
of it.” 
Fauci’s opinion is offered up in the context of Fauci’s look at the 1980s-1990s AIDS crisis that consumed 
the doctor, and which was finally wrestled under control via a combination of good medicine, staunch 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 871 ---
activism, and two opposing sides learning that collaboration was more productive than combativeness. 
Peter Staley and other AIDS activists from that era speak candidly about their fight for AIDS attention 
and action, primarily through the Larry Kramer-led AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power (ACT UP), which 
aggressively made noise in public and scientific spaces in order to oppose prejudice and demand help. 
Convinced that the government wasn’t doing enough to research and treat the fatal disease—which was 
largely decried as an affliction that plagued only gay men and women—they saw Fauci as a bureaucrat 
who didn’t care about the sick and the suffering, and castigated him accordingly.
As Fauci himself explains in a lengthy interview that forms the core of Fauci, he heard that 
condemnation but soldiered on anyway. Breakthroughs regarding the identification of AIDS as a virus, 
and how to effectively stymie its growth through a cocktail of drugs, were earned through countless 
hours of work, and in an environment that became increasingly hostile thanks to the fury of those who 
were losing loved ones to the disease, and vehement that more could be done to save them. In what 
would be a turning point in the AIDS fight, in Fauci’s life, and in the history of medical science, Fauci 
chose to listen to those voices, attending an ACT UP meeting where he went toe-to-toe with his critics, 
and then speaking on their behalf at a 1990s AIDS conference in San Francisco. In doing so, he charted a 
new course in which the experiences and input of subjects were taken into greater consideration during 
clinical trials.
Fauci makes plain the parallels between Fauci’s “bookending” battles against AIDS and COVID-19, along 
the way depicting a man who’s given his life to the investigation and treatment of the world’s worst 
ailments. Sandwiched in between those two all-caps epidemics were his clashes with SARS, Swine flu, 
MERS and Ebola, against which he led the charge. In a telling moment in Hoffman and Tobias’ non-
fiction biopic, Fauci says that he sought to destigmatize Ebola by hugging recovered patient Nina Pham 
at a press conference, and such leadership-through-example is again seen in a late clip of him receiving 
the COVID-19 vaccine on a stage in front of cameras. Time and again, the individual presented by the 
film is one who puts others first and takes risks in order to guide and reassure the American public.
“Time and again, the individual presented by the film is one who puts others first and takes risks in order 
to guide and assuage the American public.”
He’s also a scientific titan who, having served as adviser to seven presidents (beginning with Ronald 
Reagan), isn’t afraid to deliver unpleasant truths that many—including his bosses—don’t necessarily 
want to hear (or, at least, don’t want to hear said into a microphone). Clips of Fauci ruffling Trump’s 
feathers by pushing back on his hydroxychloroquine nonsense, and setting out a realistic timetable for a 
vaccine, reconfirm this point, painting him as an honest, candid grown-up in a milieu that’s full of self-
interested officials who’d prefer to tell people what they want to hear. It’s clear that he’s made mistakes 
over the course of his tenure; The New York Times global health reporter Apoorva Mandavilli highlights, 
for example, Fauci’s confusing mask messaging. Yet the fact that Fauci has now been labeled all manner 
of undeserved things by right-wing anti-science loons—at great emotional cost to him, his wife 
Christine, and their three daughters—only accentuates his bravery, resilience, and staunch adherence to 
reason and evidence.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 872 ---
Since no amount of logical arguments, cajoling or bribery will change the minds of zealous conspiracy 
theorists, Fauci probably won’t convince skeptics that the NIH bigwig is a paragon of public service. 
Nonetheless, through a mix of archival footage and interviews that smoothly segue between the past 
and present, Hoffman and Tobias’ documentary proves a tribute to a legitimate national hero, one 
whose ambition and resolve are as great as his empathy and thoughtfulness. Even when it skews a bit 
too heavily toward lionization, the lasting impression left by Fauci is that we’re lucky to have this 80-
year-old man on our side.
Sept. 11, 2021
Increases in cases starting to taper.   Still 150,000-ish, but hospitalizations and deaths 
decreasing slightly from prior week
20th anniversary  of 9/11 - Multiple memorials occurring in New York , Pennsylvania , and at 
the Pentagon. Starting with the president’s announcement of the six point plan yesterday, there 
has been the expected pushback and objection from Republican congressmen and senators.
 In addition, There appeared yesterday in the publication “Intercept” a story about the typical 
gain of function issue regarding NIAID granting and the Wuhan lab. It resulted from the 
publication through FOIA of a progress report from the laboratory. It alluded to the possibility of 
gain of function . This created and expected firestorm of tweets that I had lied to the Congress 
and that gain of function actually took place and I covered it up. This has gained some 
momentum in the fringe press but nothing at all from the standard press. 
Sept. 13, 2021 – Global   USA
An article appeared today in The Lancet written by Phil Krause, Marion Gruber (FDA) 
and people from WHO.  It was a bit of a revolt on the part of the FDA and WHO who wrote in 
the article that they do not believe there is enough scientific evidence to do boosters . This is 
clearly sour grapes on the part of the FDA who feel that they are being pressured to approve 
boosters. However, if they look at the data from the CDC as well as from Israel it will be very 
clear that boosters are needed and greatly enhanced the waning response from the original 
vaccine. Janet Woodcock is very upset that the FDA people did this without clearing the article 
through the usual channels. There seems to be a couple of camps forming now with one feeling 
they should not be boosters , mostly because the developing world does not have easy access to 
vaccines. I have been stressing that it is possible to do both , namely, you can provide boosts for 
your own citizens at the same time as providing doses of vaccine to low and middle income 
countries. In this regard the USA is making major contributions to getting doses to the 
developing world. This includes already distributing 130 million doses to 90 countries and 
providing 500 million doses between now and the first half of 2022. In addition we have given 
$4 billion to CoVAX. Furthermore, I am working with Jeff and the White House to plan a 
PEPFAR-like program to get doses to the developing world 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 873 ---
PRESS: Taped “The Daily Show” with Trevor Noah – to air tomorrow; Newsy TV 
Interview; 
Sept. 14, 2021
Moderna presented to us (Medical Team + other interested parties) their data on the open 
label study involving the crossover from their phase three trial.   Consistent with the data 
from Pfizer they see a waning of immunity particularly in association with the delta variant. This 
is another bit of data to argue for the booster program that we will soon roll out during the week 
of September the 20th.
Had a very heated and intense Zoom discussion this evening with the medical team as well 
as people from CDC, FDA, and HHS -   Key players among many were: Peter Marks, Janet 
Woodcock, Rochelle Walensky, Amanda Fine (CDC), Stephen Cha, David Kessler, Vivek 
Murthy, Leslie Dach, et al.  The subject matter of the intense discussion was trying to align the 
FDA with the CDC in the interpretation of data from Israel regarding the safety and efficacy of a 
third shot booster dose. It is clear from the Israel data that there is waning immunity across all of 
the age groups not only for infection protection but also for protection against severe disease. 
The sticking point is that if the FDA pushes for approval of the third booster shot for all ages 
there is the question of a lack of a lot of data for safety among young individuals particularly in 
the context of myocarditis. The CDC , particularly in the person of Amanda Fine, was very 
concerned that the ACIP would balk at recommending for younger individuals the third dose 
because there was not enough safety data. As we all know Jeff is very much intense on getting 
this approval through. I would imagine that he would be OK with the approval now of doses 
down to around 30 or 40 years old with the stipulation that as soon as safety data comes in for 
younger people, we could approve that for all ages. We will continue the discussions over the 
next 24 to 36 hours. What was supposed to be 1/2 an hour meeting tonight turned out to be a 2 
1/2 hour meeting. This subject is being intensely discussed throughout the community and into 
the media. The people who were involved in the Lancet article discussed above we're actually 
shooting from the hip without knowing anything about the Israeli data. It will become clear that 
they were completely off base as soon as the Israeli data becomes known to everyone. After the 
phone call I spoke to Jeff and explain what happened at the meeting. He seemed OK so long as 
we don't stall on the approval. 
PRESS: MSNBC – “Morning Joe”; ABC GMA Instagram with Tony Morrison; CNN “The 
Lead” with Jake Tapper; MSNBC – “All In” with Chris Hayes
Sept. 15, 2021 – Global – 225,700,000/4,600,000; USA – 41,400,000/662,600
Confusion and controversy continues.   There is a lot of discussion in the media about whether 
or not there's enough data to make a determination about giving boosters and at what age level to 
give them. The medical team feels pretty much in agreement that the FDA should approve 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 874 ---
boosters down to about 30 to 40 year olds and go the rest of the way down to 18 years old after 
we get more safety data regarding myocarditis in the younger group. The media are having a ball 
in talking about imagined conflicts and disagreements between the FDA and the CDC. I keep 
insisting that I feel that a third shot boost should be part of the standard vaccine regimen and that 
a boost is not just the luxury but an integral part of the regiment. That is why I reject the concept 
that if protection against hospitalizations remains stable but infection rate is not protected by the 
vaccine that everything is OK. I believe that infection with mild to moderate disease is 
something that we should do whatever we can to prevent not only because it disrupts individuals 
and society but because of the problem of long COVID.  The talking head docs on the outside all 
have their own opinion, many of whom have not seen the data that we have seen.   The FDA’s 
VRPAC will meet on Friday Sept. 17 and then all will be settled
PRESS: Radio One Atlanta 107.9 FM – Beyonce Alowishus; Univision Radio “Santo 
Remedio” – Monse Medina; El Show de Erazno y Chokolata
Sept. 16, 2021 – 
Today – 155,000 cases
Had my every couple of weeks Zoom call with Chris Whitty (UK).   Oatrick Vallance is 
usually on the calls, but was not on today.  We discussed a number of items including the 
tension around booster shots that I have described above. The UK has decided that they will give 
boosters to everyone 50 years of age and older as well as to their health care providers and 
immunocompromised. They are going to wait and observe before they go any younger than 50 
years of age also they will very unlikely be vaccinating children younger than 12 years old. This 
is in contrast to our plans to complete the clinical trials and vaccinate two as young as six months 
old . It is likely that we will have enough data to vaccinate children from 11 years old to five 
years old by the middle to end of October into early November.  
PRESS: Daily Telegraph – Nick Allen -print; Instagram with Jessica Waller; YouTube with 
Roland Martin “Unfiltered”; WTOP Radio with Mike Murillo
KLN (Kaiser Health News):  
How Fauci and the NIH Got Ahead of the FDA 
and CDC in Backing Boosters
By Sarah Jane Tribble and Arthur Allen September 16, 2021 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 875 ---
Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's top infectious disease expert, and Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention Director Dr. Rochelle Walensky are sworn in before testifying at a House Select 
Subcommittee hearing on April 15. (Susan Walsh-Pool / Getty Images) 
In January — long before the first jabs of covid-19 vaccine were even available to most Americans — 
scientists working under Dr. Anthony Fauci at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
were already thinking about potential booster shots.
This story also ran on Los Angeles Times. 
A month later, they organized an international group of epidemiologists, virologists and biostatisticians 
to track and sequence covid variants. They called the elite group SAVE, or SARS-Cov-2 Variant Testing 
Pipeline. And by the end of March, the scientists at NIAID were experimenting with monkeys and 
reviewing early data from humans showing that booster shots provided a rapid increase in protective 
antibodies — even against dangerous variants.
Sept. 17, 2021
Very important decisions made today at VRPAC meeting. They voted unanimously to 
approve booster shots for people 65 years of age and older as well as those with underlying 
medical conditions that put them at risk for severe disease as well as those with occupations that 
put them at risk for infection. This is going to be a very difficult communications challenge. We 
just got off a phone call with the medical team following the announcement of this decision by 
VRPAC. And it is clear that if you keep all these people in the loop even though it looks like it's 
very restrictive you're gonna have about 80% of the population that are eligible to be vaccinated 
will be getting that third boost. More later. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 876 ---
PRESS:  Univision TV “Despierta America”; MSNBC with Craig Melvin; White House 
Press conference; 
Sept. 19, 2021 
Was on three Sunday shows today talking about the FDA decision (see below).  As expected 
all of the questions related to what was perceived as confusion between what the Medical Group 
and the president said versus what the actual outcome of the meeting of the VRPAC was. I 
explained in all of the shows that we had always said that what we were talking about and what 
the president was talking about was a plan to be able to roll out boosters starting the week of 
September the 20th. We would be prepared to do it for everyone who is eligible. The fact that the 
recommendation from VRPAC only included people over 65 years old and those from 18 to 64 
who either had an underlying condition that would give them a higher likelihood of severe 
outcome or individuals who because of their institutional or occupational status puts them at an 
increased risk of infection . As mentioned above this constitutes about 80% of the population . I 
emphasized in my interviews that this was not the end of the story and that over the next several 
weeks two months we might see an expansion of the recommendation. Jake Tapper did ask me 
weather I had received a booster always planning to receive a booster. Since I did not want to 
give away my medical history I was very vague in my answer saying only that I definitely will 
receive a booster but he equivocated about whether or not I had received a booster. 
Although I was discreet and politic in the interviews, I still believe that the VRPAC got it wrong 
since they do not understand that the end game is not just to prevent hospitalizations. However, I 
will not push this , but I will let it play out. 
Israel data keep coming in:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 877 ---
PRESS:  NBC “Meet the Press” with Chuck Todd; ABC “This Week” with Martha 
Raddatz; CNN “SOTU” with Jake Tapper.
Sept. 20, 2021 – 
Over 2000 COVID deaths in USA yesterday
I have to mention I had an extremely enjoyable interview with Bryant Gumbel (see below). 
I had not previously met him and I did not realize what an incredibly nice person he is. Just 
saying. 
Important day in the relaxation of prohibition on traveling to the United State.  It was just 
announced that travelers from any foreign country can come to the United states provided they 
show proof of vaccination and are tested within 3 days before getting on the plane coming to the 
United states and submit themselves to contact tracing if necessary. This news was widely 
welcomed by countries such as the UK and others in the European Union. 
Had another important and somewhat contentious meeting with the medical team tonight. 
We were discussing the importance of having the ACIP be aligned with what the decision of the 
FDA was from last week. Rochelle indicated that she believed that the ACIP would be aligned 
with the FDA. However , in a friendly but firm manner, I challenged her and asked her what she 
herself would want to do and not to rely on being driven by the acip. The discussion went on 
until 10:45 PM. Jeff was again frustrated by the fact that he wanted Rochelle to lead the acip and 
not to be blindly led by the acip. He felt this way because he wanted to have an organized non 
confusing response to all of this. We all felt that we were in line until the meeting was over and 
Leslie Dach sent an email to Vivek and David indicating that Peter Marks from FDA just heard 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 878 ---
that the CDC and acip we're not going to accept the recommendation of FDA about providing 
boosters for those who's occupational or institutional status put them at an increased risk of 
infection. Peter got so frustrated that he said he will pull back that recommendation so that we 
don't get into a fight with the CDC. e-mails below: 
From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov> 
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2021 10:40 PM
To: Murthy, Vivek (HHS/OASH) <Vivek.Murthy@hhs.gov>; Kessler, David (HHS/IOS) 
<David.Kessler@hhs.gov>
Subject: RE: READ THIS
Definitely!   This was exactly the point that I was worried about when I started off the 
conversation tonight saying that I was disappointed with what VRPAC arrived at and that I 
would be even more disappointed if the ACIP restricted that even more. My fears are realized. 
It looks like Peter is pulling back on the occupational and institutional exposure part in order to 
not be in conflict with what he projects the ACIP will do. We should definitely discuss this.
From: Murthy, Vivek (HHS/OASH) <Vivek.Murthy@hhs.gov> 
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2021 10:20 PM 
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>; Kessler, David (HHS/IOS) 
<David.Kessler@hhs.gov>
Subject: Fwd: READ THIS
We should discuss 
Sent from my iPhone
Begin forwarded message:
From: "Dach, Leslie (HHS/IOS)" <Leslie.Dach@hhs.gov>
Date: September 20, 2021 at 10:13:20 PM EDT
To: "Zients, Jeffrey D. EOP/WHO" <Jeffrey.D.Zients@who.eop.gov>, "Murthy, Vivek (HHS/OASH)" 
<Vivek.Murthy@hhs.gov>
Subject: READ THIS
 
Get Outlook for iOS
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 879 ---
From: Marks, Peter <Peter.Marks@fda.hhs.gov>
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2021 10:10:30 PM
To: Cohn, Amanda (CDC/DDNID/NCBDDD/DBDID) <anc0@cdc.gov>; Berger, Sherri (CDC/OCOO/OD) 
<sob8@cdc.gov>; Walensky, Rochelle (CDC/OD) <aux7@cdc.gov>
Cc: Walinsky, Sarah (FDA/CBER) <Sarah.Walinsky@fda.hhs.gov>; Dach, Leslie (HHS/IOS) 
<Leslie.Dach@hhs.gov>; Tierney, Julia (FDA/OC) <Julia.Tierney@fda.hhs.gov>
Subject: Follow up 
 
Dear Rochelle, Amanda, and Sherry,
 
By report, it would appear that ACIP WG and others at FDA and CDC are not happy with giving boosters 
to healthcare workers and others less than age 65 at risk of occupational or institutional exposure.  I am 
not going to fight over this, because I know that within two months they will be proven absolutely 
wrong.
 
Though we have not yet finalized the language, here is where we are heading at the moment:
 
A Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine booster dose administered at least 6 months after completion of 
the primary series is authorized for use in:
• individuals 65 years of age and older, and
• individuals 18 through 64 years of age at high risk of severe COVID-19
 
Will continue to keep you posted here.  Also happy to discuss. 
 
Best Regards,
Peter
See e I believe this is a major mistake. See tomorrow's events below.  
PRESS:   NPR radio “Morning Edition” with Rachel Martin; BBC World News TV with 
Lucy Hockings; HBO with Bryant Gumbel; BBC Radio 4; NBC Universal Online “Top 
Story” with Tom Llamas; CNN “The Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer
Sept. 21, 2021 – Global – 228,800,000/4,700,000; USA – 42,200,000/675,100
Discussions continue to go on trying to align the FDA and CDC.  Concern is mostly centered 
around the risk of myocarditis in younger individuals . We finally got the FDA agreed to agree 
that their recommendation or authorization would be four people greater than 65 and then 18 to 
64 for people at risk for severe disease due to underlying conditions and 18 to 64 for people at 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 880 ---
occupational or institutional risk with the statement that 18 to 30 would be a permissive 
recommendation meaning that they should consult their physician. This is something that the 
CDC Advisory Board (ACIP) could probably live with . However, we shall see what happens 
tomorrow and in subsequent days. 
Jeff has been on the phone with me multiple times per day asking me to continue to mentor 
Rochelle such that the CDC /ACIP does not veer too far off the FDA recommendations and our 
ultimate intent. She is really very good and I love her but she just does not have enough 
experience to steer CDC and the direction that we all feel let you go. 
I must make a point that over the last few weeks more intensively over the last few days I have 
been stressed beyond the limit particularly compounded by the dark web far right maniacs 
continuing to attack me in the area of gain of function research, accusations of lying to the 
Congress under oath, and a variety of other conspiratorial accusations.
Tonight I went to a reception at the temporary home of the British ambassador to the United 
states on 2934 Edgevale terracet, northwest. it was an honor of Prime Minister Boris Johnson of 
the UK and foreign minister Elizabeth Truss. It was a great reception and I got the opportunity to 
chat with the Prime Minister who clearly knew who I was and was very complimentary to the 
way I would have been leading the COVID-19 response effort in the United states we chatted for 
a bit and I told him how pleased I was with the relationship that we had developed with his 
medical people Chris Whitty and Patrick Vallance with whom I have a zoom call about every 
two to three weeks. 
The next couple of days I'm going to be interesting to see how the situation rolls out with the 
booster plan  
Sept. 22, 2021
We continue to have 2000 deaths per day !!!
Nice op Ed in the Post today. Written by Jeff and Tony Blinken announcing that the USA will 
donate an additional 500 million doses a vaccine (Pfizer) to the developing world superimposed 
up on the 160 million those says they have already given 290 countries and the 500 million doses 
that they will be distributing. The ultimate total will be about 1.5 billion doses with more to 
come. 
Wonderful e-mail from King Holmes.  See below:
From: King K Holmes <kkh@uw.edu> 
Sent: Tuesday, September 21, 2021 5:04 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Cc: Wendy Wertheimer <wjwertheimer@gmail.com>; Virginia Gonzales <gonza@uw.edu>; Folkers, Greg 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 881 ---
(NIH/NIAID) [E] <gfolkers@niaid.nih.gov>; Elisabeth Gunningham <eg01@uw.edu>
Subject: Thank you message from King Holmes, for Dr Anthony Fauci
Dear Tony,
Thank you so very much for taking time out of your busy schedule to record and forward that very kind 
and complimentary birthday video in time for my September 1st Birthday. I have been one of your many 
fans since the earliest days of the AIDS crisis. Your support via the NIH, especially in building our 
Department of Global Health, has enabled the University of Washington to have national and 
international impact in many ways. It is especially meaningful to have a trusted, respected, and talented 
colleague like yourself offer such a wonderful tribute. I certainly return your regard, with much 
appreciation! 
After we received your video, I was telling my assistant about the days when you were taking on 
leadership at NIH, and how you appointed me to chair one of the new committees you formed. What a 
fantastic opportunity that was, and how many of my greatest friendships were begun and deepened in 
those early days of the NIHAIDS initiatives for research, prevention, and treatment of HIV/AIDS and 
HIV/AIDS coinfections. It’s hard to believe that we have come so far in de-stigmatizing STDs and 
HIV/AIDS, and have successfully advocated for higher funding priorities at the national and international 
levels for all such infectious diseases over the course of our careers. 
On that note, I have also been following your work on the current pandemic with much interest and 
great respect. Your own career has spanned such a prodigious era of infectious disease research, from 
Ebola to the current pandemic, and your reputation as a reliable, straight shooting, “scientist’s scientist” 
is fully deserved. You have navigated difficult political waters and public anti-scient biases with aplomb 
and at the NIH have kept a steady hand on the tiller as we navigated the most recent rise of an entirely 
new pandemic virus, demonstrating principled and fact-based scientific rigor at every stage. Your 
example serves to educate everyday citizens to the merits and reasonable expectations of science and 
the scientific process, thus becoming an ambassador for science to new generations, as well as to a few 
older ones – who seem to have embraced your wisdom with more than the usual enthusiasm Scientists 
engender.  New fans of yours now “Fauci” (i.e. lose the phone number of) a date who doesn’t wear a 
mask or refuses to get vaccinated.  Now that is a practical public health trend! 
I must admit that I have succumbed to the Fauci fandom that has (justifiably) arisen in your wake. A few 
months ago, I was proudly wearing my Fauci socks when my son, King Jr. came over to join me for a walk 
– and showed me his own Tony Fauci socks. Clearly, I have taught my kids (and grandkids) well. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 882 ---
In closing, I know that you have multiple demands on your time and attention, so I am exponentially 
gratified by the time you took to make my birthday greeting so memorable. You are a truly great human 
being, in addition to being a world-class scientist and public health leader.
Warm regards,
King
KING K HOLMES, MD, PHD
Distinguished Professor Emeritus / Department of Global Health
Professor Emeritus / School of Public Health
Professor Emeritus / School of Medicine
Director Emeritus / UW/Fred Hutch Center for AIDS Research (CFAR)
Co-Director Emeritus / UW Center for AIDS and STD 
University of Washington
office: 908 Jefferson Street / 13th Floor, Room 1311 
mail: HMC # 359931 / 325 Ninth Ave / Seattle, WA 98104
phone 206.744.3620  /  fax 206.744-3694
exec assistant: Elisabeth Gunningham / eg01@uw.edu 
kkh@uw.edu  /  globalhealth.washington.edu
Everyone is tense about how things are going to turn out between the FDA authorization 
and the CDC recommendation. Jeff is very concerned and wants me to keep “mentoring 
Rochelle about the fact that she needs to show leadership and letting the ACIP know how 
she feels about what the recommendation should be. She seems reluctant to give any 
indication to them what you think should be done , thus leaving it totally up to them, where 
by she blindly follows their recommendation . This is driving Jeff, Larry Horowitz, and 
Leslie Dach completely crazy with frustration. They feel that she is showing no leadership 
qualities at all. I feel for her because I think she wants to do the right thing but he's very 
inexperienced in this role.   
The FDA came out with a decision that is inexplicable.   Checkout 3rd bullet that is no 
different from the 2nd bullet:
• individuals 65 years of age and older;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 883 ---
• individuals 18 through 64 years of age at high risk of severe COVID-19; and 
• individuals 18 through 64 years of age whose frequent institutional or occupational 
exposure to SARS-CoV-2 puts them at high risk of serious complications of COVID-19 
including severe COVID-19.
Now we have a serious problem of how the CDC is going to interpret this regulatory approval . 
Clearly there is strife within the FDA which lead to this completely confusing authorization. 
Rochelle has her own problems with the acip who are not going to want to recommend anything 
for people less than 30 or 40 years old.  What a mess. Let us see if in the long run we can make 
some lemonade out of these lemons. 
PRESS: CBS Major Garrett “The Takeout”; Washington Post 202 Blog with Jackie 
Alemay
September 23, 2021
Highly eventful day!!!   Today was the day that the acip would make their recommendation to 
the CDC regarding the use of boosters. Inexplicably, they voted to allow boosters for people 65 
years of age or older, which is fine, as well as those from 18 to 64 with underlying conditions 
leading to severe disease, which is fine . However, they rejected the proposal to give boosters to 
people who by occupational or institutional exposure would find themselves at high risk for 
infection. There was absolutely no reason at all to do this since that would mean that a 25 year 
old person who was obese would get a booster, but a 55 year old school teacher or a 55 year old 
intensive care nurse could not get a boost. The rationale for the acip was completely 
discombobulated. It had nothing to do with safety since they were talking about policy that was 
unrelated to the scientific issues at hand . They got distracted and began talking about what they 
were going to do with people who had Moderna as their primary regimen or J&J as their primary 
regimen, avoiding the fundamental scientific and public health question at hand. When I heard 
this we began a series of phone calls, multiple phone calls, among me, Leslie Dach, Jeff, and 
Vivek – all outrages by the recommendation. I texted Rochelle and I begged her to call me in 
order that I could explain to her how this would be a fatal mistake if she took the 
recommendation of the acip since none of us would be able to defend this. It was a very dramatic 
situation where she was in with the secretary and I was texting her late in the evening to please 
call me so that I can tell her what I feel she must do. Jeff and Courtney Rowe and Ian Sams were 
suggesting that I call up the secretary and give him my opinion. Things were getting very dicey 
since the hours were going by and no decision was made. I finally got a chance to speak with 
Rochelle and literally begged her to override that decision which was only a 9 to 6 decision and 
not an overwhelming unanimous recommendation. The tweets that were coming in when they 
heard of the recommendation of the acip were absolutely overwhelmingly against that decision. 
Yet Rochelle still felt she could not go against her committee. I pleaded with her over the phone 
telling her that I would absolutely strongly defend her publicly if she made allowance for 
teachers and healthcare workers to get vaccinated even though they were healthy. Again, she 
seemed hesitant to overrule them. Jeff called me multiple times asking me to call the secretary 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 884 ---
myself. I felt that I could not do this since it would be totally destroying Rochelle if I did that.  I 
explained to Rochelle that if she does not do that she would be forever branded as someone with 
no leadership capabilities at all and if she did overrule them she could turn lemons into lemonade 
because she could reclaim her role as a leader since her reputation is one of unfortunately being a 
very weak leader. I am dictating this at 10:00 PM on September the 23rd and she still has not 
made her decision. I told her that I would be available all evening and the rest of the night if she 
wanted to talk. The whole team in the department and the White House is counting on my 
influence on her to get her to do the right thing here. I cannot understand why she is so reluctant 
to go against a 9 to 6 recommendation when the recommendation is so blatantly incorrect.  
Good thing happened tonight - I received the 2021 Bill Foege Award for Global health 
together with Carlos Del Rio and Kati Kariko.  This was followed by a very enjoyable fireside 
chat with Bill. He is one of the true icons in public health and it was an honor to be talking to 
him  
 PRESS:  ABC ONLINE Town Hall with Jennifer Ashston; Irish Radio RTE “This Week”; 
Sept. 24, 2021
Alas!   Rochelle listened to me.  She overruled the recommendation of the ACIP.  She actually 
called me last night at 11:25 PM and then a couple of minutes later to tell me that she had taken 
my advice and overruled their rejection of the third bullet. Unfortunately David Awwad had put 
a “do not disturb” between 11:00 PM and 5:00 AM on my cell phone and I missed her call. I 
then texted her add 5 30 AM telling her that I was sorry that I missed her call. She texted me 
right back and we spoke by phone at around 5:40. I congratulated her on what she had done and 
told her that she has now shown clear leadership as the director of CDC. Her recommendations 
are indicated below “
CDC recommends:  
• people 65 years and older and residents in long-term care settings should receive a booster shot 
of Pfizer-BioNTech’s COVID-19 vaccine at least 6 months after their Pfizer-BioNTech primary 
series,   
• people aged 50–64 years with underlying medical conditions should receive a booster shot of 
Pfizer-BioNTech’s COVID-19 vaccine at least 6 months after their Pfizer-BioNTech primary 
series,
• people aged 18–49 years with underlying medical conditions may receive a booster shot of 
Pfizer-BioNTech’s COVID-19 vaccine at least 6 months after their Pfizer-BioNTech primary 
series, based on their individual benefits and risks, and 
• people aged 18-64 years who are at increased risk for COVID-19 exposure and transmission 
because of occupational or institutional setting may receive a booster shot of Pfizer-BioNTech’s 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 885 ---
COVID-19 vaccine at least 6 months after their Pfizer-BioNTech primary series, based on their 
individual benefits and risks.
 
PRESS: Breitbart: Fauci Defends NIH Funding Wuhan Lab: ‘Only Regret’ Is That It’s 
Caused ‘Such a Degree of Distraction’ – This was an interview that I gave to Major Garrett 
on his podcast.
Sept. 25, 2021 -  Global -    USA – 42,800,000/684,900
I had a wonderful evening this evening. Joan Baez and her son Gabe who were supposed to 
go to New York City with Gabe's daughter Jasmine who wanted to go to a concert in Queens, 
NY. In addition, Joan was supposed to meet with officer Mike Fanone. For some strange reason 
officer Fanone just dropped out of sight and did not meet with her. He's the officer who was 
brutalized during the attack on the capitol on January the 6th, 2021. Really rather stange.  And 
so, Joan and Gabe were stuck in Washington and planning to fly back to California tomorrow. 
Since they had nothing to do she took a chance and called me up to see if I was free. I was, and 
we had Joan and Gabe over the house for a pasta dinner. Gabe was constantly on the phone with 
his daughter in Queens who was totally excited at the concert and kept calling him.  It was totally 
delightful as Joan is such an extraordinary person. We had a wonderful time.  
Sept. 27, 2021 – Global     USA
Things turning around with all parameters starting to come down even though things are 
still bad:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 886 ---
There is now considerable confusion about exactly who should get the boost. We know what 
the general categories are; however, when people ask exactly who within these categories should 
get vaccinated there is lack of clarity. For example, when you say people with underlying 
conditions, exactly what are those underlying conditions. It is found somewhere on the CDC 
website, but it is very difficult to find and it does not very succinctly tell you what these 
conditions are. For example, of the underlying conditions we always talk about the fact that 
obesity is very importan in that regard . Yet, when you search for it, obesity is not in those areas 
that are easily accessible. 
PRESS: CNN “The Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 887 ---
Sept. 28, 2021
Yesterday was an important day during one of the zoom calls with the “TV doctors “, i.e. 
people who are practicing physicians and public health people who regularly appear on TV 
shows.  I made it very clear that I was very much in favor of providing booster shots for virtually 
everyone who is eligible for a vaccination. I said to the group of perhaps 50 people , mostly 
doctors, that the idea that only thing that you have to worry about with vaccines is keeping 
people out of the hospital is a false narrative since there are many people who do not require 
hospitalization who suffer greatly from getting infected with the virus. I know that this is 
contrary to the current recommendations of the CDC and the current authorization by the FDA . 
However, I believe that the judgment of who should get it was overly determined by an 
understandable consideration of the lack of doses for people in the developing world. In addition, 
there is a concern about safety regarding myocarditis for younger people, mostly men; however, 
once this is taken care of in my mind there is no reason not to vaccinate essentially everyone. 
This becomes even more important since there is great confusion right now with the so called 
gradation and prioritization of who should get vaccinated regarding when and how. We are 
getting a lot of blowback about this confusion which I totally predicted when I said we should 
make things very simple. Anyway, I made my thoughts very clear to the group on this call. 
Another important thing that is rolling out is that Rochelle is getting a lot of widespread 
credit , which she deserves, about making a broader recommendation than the ACIP indicated. 
As indicated above , she made this decision based on very intensive persuasion that I made to her 
late at night before she actually made the announcement. 
Just a statement about things that have been evolving overtime.  There is a lot of discussion 
right now and scrambling about getting doses of monoclonal antibodies for people who get 
infected. This is a major change from previously when monoclonal antibodies were underused. 
In addition, I have not mentioned it but on a very regular basis, literally weekly, we brief the 
governors is on a governors's call; we brief the principles (cabinet members and others); we have 
a zoom call with the physicians and public health people who are out there on the TV circuit (see 
above) in order to keep them up-to-date as to what we are thinking ; and we briefed the President 
himself. I do not take notes after each of these ; however it is important to mention that they 
occur on a very regular basis. 
Noteworthy is the fact that I had an extraordinary podcast interview for one hour with famous 
actor Alec Baldwin. He is an amazingly intelligent , funny, an extremely likable person who was 
very much in tune with my history and my life and asked very penetrating and important 
questions. Without a doubt, from a intellectual and substantive standpoint it was one of the best 
if not the best interview that I have ever given. 
It was a good day for interviews in that my interview with Ed Yong for the Atlantic festival was 
also extremely good. This is not surprising as Ed is one of the most impressive writers and 
interviewers that I have ever met   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 888 ---
PRESS:  MSNBC “Morning Joe” with Joe, Meka and Willie; NBC Nightly News with 
Lester Holt; NBC with Lester Holt for “kids”; Interview with Ed Young as part of “The 
Atlantic Festival”; Podcast with Alec Baldwin.
Sept. 29, 2021 – Global – 232,600,000/4,800,000; USA - 43,200,000/691,500   
Had a very tough and ridiculous interview with Hugh Hewitt. Hugh, who usually is a 
reasonable, albeit very conservative person, was extremely aggressive with me in an interview in 
which he kept insisting that people are not getting vaccinated because I am telling them to get 
vaccinated and strongly suggested that I step down and retire since I am the obstacle to people 
getting vaccinated. He quoted a survey saying that middle to right people want me to retire and 
are not getting vaccinated because I'm the messenger telling them to get vaccinated. Truly an 
incredible train of thought on his part. He said we need fresh faces telling people to get 
vaccinated and if we had fresh faces then people would get vaccinated. I countered by saying we 
do have fresh faces in the form of Rochelle Walensky and Vivek Murthy. And so does he 
consider that although all three of us are saying to get vaccinated including two new fresh faces 
that people are not getting vaccinated merely because I'm one of the three people telling them to 
get vaccinated?? I have never heard of a more distorted train of thought. 
This conversation triggered in me some serious thinking about several things including when I 
actually would want to retire from the untenable situation that I am in of having 10s of millions 
of people hate me because I stand for the truth. Also, this nonsense about conflating the 
discussion about gain of function with the lab lead theory is preposterous and totally distracting 
and draining of everyone’s energy. Richard Ebright with his gain of function obsession is a total 
asshole who is pushing this theory because he “wants to be somebody”.  I am terribly 
disappointed with Jesse Bloom and David Relman for doing somewhat of the same thing.  they 
have been pushing to stop any gain of function research for a long time and I believe that in 
some respects they are pushing for an even hoping that this was a lab leak , which the molecular 
analysis of the viruses that we used in the lab compared to the virus SARS-CoV-2 clearly 
indicate that it is molecularly impossible for the viruses under the auspices of the NIH grant to 
have been manipulated into or evolved into SARS-Cov-2.  The opposition to me is part of the 
“big lie” – “Lock her  up”; Trump won the election; January 6th was really a friendly visit to the 
Capitol; “the China virus” and Trump was correct, “Fire Fauci” since he was wrong all along and 
so let's discredit him, and so on.  Quite frankly , I am finally coming to the realization that our 
democracy is truly threatened and that it is possible, even likely, that our democracy will 
crumble with the 2024 election. If trump wins , we are finished . If trump loses, his far right 
lunatics will likely try again to overthrow the election. And with the attempts to have state 
legislators (Republican) validate the electoral votes, I am really afraid that they might be 
successful. Having said all of this, there is no way that I am going to retire before this 
outbreak is under control.    
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 889 ---
I continue to give regular interviews about every couple of months with Sheri Fink who is 
doing a book on COVID-19. I am trying to stay out of any Trump versus Fauci discussion and 
focus more on the evolution of the outbreak.  
Matthew Memoli is turning into a real problem. He has written an email dated July 30th to 
me to Hugh Auchincloss and to Cliff Lane. The long and short of it is that he feels that 
vaccinating people is a bad idea even though he is the major proponent of challenge studies for 
vaccines. He believes that by vaccinating people we will be selecting for variants which in the 
long run will be detrimental to the population. This is a little bit more sophisticated effort than 
that of Scott Atlas. He has gone further than that, however. He has released the email to 
congressional committees and to the press and now without a doubt he is going to be talking 
about the fact that even though he is a clinical center employee he will refuse to follow the 
vaccine mandate that soon will be implemented at the NIH. In addition, he likely will go on the 
media spouting this extraordinary philosophy of his. I have made it clear to everyone that we 
should not interfere in any way with what he is doing because without a doubt he will say that 
we are trying to muzzle him and that will create more of a problem than the incredible nonsense 
that he is spewing. It looks like we will just have to buckle down and let him proceed with his 
craziness and hopefully he will not do a lot of damage to our attempts to get people vaccinated. It 
is inconceivable to me that he actually feels that it is OK to let everybody get infected just so that 
we can get immunity where the virus is not selected for by vaccine induced immunity. Letting 
people get infected has led to 680,000 deaths in the USA thus far.  How can he miss the fact that 
the virus circulating within people who don't get an adequate immune response will lead to 
variants just as easily as vaccine immunity-induced mutations. He just makes no sense at all. 
Matt Memoli has now gone completely rogue.   He is turning into a complete Scott Atlas (see 
above). Not only does he think that we should not be vaccinating people, he believes that 
mandating is unethical because it's going to make matters worse vis-à-vis the immune response. I 
thought nothing could be worse than that, but now he's done something unbelievable. He has 
taken a speech or an interview that I gave saying that although children statistically do much, 
much better than adults which regard to developing severe disease there are still (given the delta 
variant) a significant number of children who get sick and hospitalized and in fact there are more 
deaths among children from COVID-19 and there are after flu. He comes out now with an email 
to me saying that this is untrue and that there are more deaths by far with flu rather than COVID-
19. In fact, he wants me to publicly retract my statement!!!!   However, what he is doing is that 
he is looking at “estimated burden of flu” which is calculated with a model at the end of the year 
which is usually three times the amount of the “reported cases”. I was referring to the reported 
cases which are much less. And so, he seems to be out to make me look bad for reasons that I 
don't understand except that he is a complete contrarian. He's an infectious disease person who 
doesn't want to vaccinate people, who thinks mandates are unethical, and who is now telling me 
that I need to retract statements that I've made. He's a junior member of the institute and he is 
telling the institute director that I need to retract the statement based on information that he 
thinks is incorrect, but is correct. Unbelievable what I have to deal with!  We have decided that 
we are not going to do anything with him; w are not going to approach him; we are not going to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 890 ---
even talk to him about this since I know from my experience that if we do anything, he will say 
that we were trying to muzzle him. As far as I am concerned he could say whatever he wants to 
say, as crazy as it is, whatever he wants to say. Also he said that he is refusing to get vaccinated  
The problem with this is that the new rule from the federal government is that if he does not get 
vaccinated he is going to get fired unless he has a religious exemption. If it turns out that he 
winds up getting fired, he will almost certainly say that it is retaliation.   
PRESS:  Hugh Hewitt radio interview; NPR Radio “Here and Now” with Tonya Mosley; 
MSNBC – “Reports” with Andrea Mitchell; KLZ Israeli Radio;
Sept. 30, 2021 – Global  - 233,100,000/4,800,000; USA - 43,300,000/694,700  
Cases continue to gradually come down as do hospitalizations. Deaths, however, are still 
increasing as a late indicator and lagging.
Just had a great conversation with Shane Crotty of the La Jolla Institute of Immunology. I 
spoke to Shane because I wanted to find out his perspective on the immunological justification 
for booster shots to the mRNA vaccines. Shane is a brilliant immunologist and gave me some 
terrific insights. He feels , similar to Bob Seder, that the antibody levels are very important in 
preventing initial entry of the virus and seeding of the virus in the upper respiratory tract. The 
higher levels of antibody the more protection you have. They also taper off reasonably quickly 
leading to rather quick (months) waning of immunity to infection. However, he points out that B 
cell memory and particularly CD8 and CD4 positive T cells are absolutely critical in preventing 
significant disease in the lungs. These are longer duration than serum antibody.  This explains 
why protection against severe disease (lung involvement) seems to last long and wane less than 
protection against infection (antibody that wanes quickly).  The thing he pointed out that is 
interesting and important is that there is a reasonably longer period of time for people to develop 
pulmonary involvement and severe disease since the T cells have enough time to protect the 
lung. When they fail then you get lung involvement and this usually takes some time which 
explains the unusual finding of why it takes so long from the time a person gets infected to the 
time they actually wind up in the hospital on a ventilator which is usually about 21 days. This is 
quite different from other acute viral infections in which the lung is quickly attacked and people 
wind up in the hospital within a couple of days. In addition, he spoke of the long durability of the 
T cell memory and B cell memory response indicating that protection against severe disease will 
actually last for a longer period of time whereas protection against infection tends to veer off 
pretty quickly. It is right in line with what his pathogenic explanation is as described above. He 
does feel that giving a third shot boost is a good idea and that it likely will give a much longer 
protection against both infection and likely would enhance the durability of the protection 
against severe disease in the lungs. We also discussed the situation of why in late disease you 
have an aberrant inflammatory and immunological response. He believes it's a combination of 
innate immunity mediated predominantly by monocytes and polys together with robust T cell 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 891 ---
activity attempting to control virus which has made its way from the upper airway to the lung. 
Sometimes this attempt to control the virus leads to so many inflammatory mediators combining 
innate with adaptive immune responses that the effects is a profound pathogenic response that 
may or may not be suppressed by anti-inflammatories and immune suppressors. 
A group of non USA scientists and others Whom I have never heard of Are trying to get rid 
of Peter Daszak at ecohealth . See PDF of letter immediately below :
Letter to Nancye 
Green.pdf
I do not know who these people are but something strange is going on here.
I met with Leslie Dach at my home this evening to discuss the situation of attacks upon me by 
far-right elements. I gave to Leslie some reprints of papers that strongly favor the natural origin 
of COVID. We discussed strategies of how to stay ahead of this insidious campaign to discredit 
me. We feel that the best approach would be to lay low and not give it any more legs than it has. 
In addition, Leslie spoke to me about how pleased he was about how I have mentored Rochelle 
Walensky. He also expressed concern about her lack of leadership capabilities and her total 
dependence upon professionals at CDC who Leslie feels are antiquated in their thinking and in 
many respects are often incorrect. He referred to the experience he had with them when he was 
special advisor to Sylvia Burwell when Sylvia was Secretary of HHS. Leslie understandably has 
very little respect for the CDC and in fact wants me to help to get Rochelle to start thinking for 
herself instead of depending so heavily upon her CDC team. Leslie also expressed some concern 
about the lack of involvement of Secretary Becerra in the entire COVID effort. 
PRESS: Interview with Fast Company magazine
Oct. 1, 2021 – GLOBAL    USA
We have reached 700,000 deaths in the USA!!
Big anti-viral drug advance.   Merck (Ridgeback) drug – Molnuvirapir (an RNA-dependent 
RNA polymerase inhibitor by inducing mistakes in the virus replication.  The CEO of Merck 
Ron Davis  briefed us last about the results. They were striking. In a study looking at people with 
documented mild to moderate infection not requiring hospitalization at the time within five days 
of diagnosis were given either placebo or drug. In the placebo group there were 53 
hospitalizations in the drug group there were 28 hospitalizations with a 7.3% hospitalization in 
the drug group and 14.1% hospitalization in the placebo group. This led to a 50% efficacy with a 
P value of 0.001. There were eight deaths in the placebo group and zero deaths in the treatment 
group. This is really a major breakthrough in that it is another antiviral drug together with 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 892 ---
remdesivir that is keeping people out of the hospital. I am sure there will be more on this later. 
The United states has already committed to buy 1.7 million doses for a price of $700 per dose  
Gave the 2021 Beatty Lecture of McGill University, “COVID-19:  Lessons Leaned and 
Remaining Challenges”, October 1, 2021, Montreal, Quebec, Canada (Virtual).  It was widely 
viewed throughout Canada and according to the organizers throughout the rest of the world. This 
was followed by a Q&A which was very stimulating and a fireside chat with some of the 
students at McGill. A thoroughly enjoyable experience. It was associated with my receiving an 
honorary doctorate from McGill 
Win over Jeff Zients's house last night with his White House team for a pizza and beer party . I 
could only stay there for about 1/2 an hour because I had to leave for another dinner over the 
home of Jeffrey Blount and Jeanne Meserve. I was impressed by the camaraderie among jeff's 
team many people of whom I had never met since I only meet daily by zoom with the core 
Medical Group. Jeff was extremely kind in calling attention to my presence at the reception since 
I had to leave after 30 minutes. Eceryone gave me a round of applause.  Chris was with me and I 
introduced her to all the people that I deal with among that larger group. After the reception, 
Andre our security person for the evening drove us the block and a half to Jeffrey and Jeanne’s 
home where we had an interesting dinner and a conversation about race in America. Jeffrey is an 
African American man and Jeanne is white 
PRESS:  Usual WH press briefing; CNBC “Closing Bell”
Oct. 2, 2021 – 
I had written an email to Robert Davis the CEO of Merck indicating to him that I was 
concerned that in the press release for their drug Molnupiravir they did not mention that the 
original basic research was funded by NIH at Emory. Rob called me today (Saturday) and 
apologized for that slight and promised that in future press releases they would include the 
collaboration and contribution of NIAID /NIH. 
October 3, 2021 – 
Got a really nice note (see below) yesterday from Barney Graham thanking him for my support 
of him over the 21 years that he has been at the NIAID vaccine Research Center. of note he has 
won a number of prizes already for his work on developing the optimum immunogen for the 
COVID-19 vaccine . He has one the Albany prize as well as a number of other prizes. In addition 
, drew Weissman , my former fellow, has already won a number of prizes including the Lasker 
award. It will be interesting to see who wins the Nobel Prize this coming Monday.  
Thank you 
note_Fauci .pdf
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 893 ---
While all of this is happening , I must comment that the country is headed to or might already be 
in a constitutional crisis with the far right clearly indicating that they're going to try and disrupt 
elections and essentially destroy the democracy. The attacks on me I believe are all a tangential 
part of that process . I speak of the big lie of which I unfortunately have been drawn into being a 
target of the far right because I represent something that is antithetical to them , namely, the 
truth. It is stunning how much time is consumed on warding off the egregious lies about the 
NIID grant that funded hey small project in the Wuhan institute of virology. They claim that we 
created the COVID virus. Among the scientist who fall into this trap are the usual suspects of 
Richard Ebright  and David Relmann . However , Jesse bloom has really surprised me claiming 
that a lab leak is highly probable when there is absolutely no evidence whatsoever that a lab leak 
has occurred the only issue is that it occurred in a city that happened to have a laboratory that 
studies bats. Amazing that he has come to this conclusion. 
PRESS:  ABC “This Week” with Jonathan Karl; CNN “State of the Union” with Dana 
Bash; CBS “Face the Nation” with Margaret Brennan
Oct. 4, 2021
Very interesting link showing the evolution of cases throughout the United states from the 
very first months of the pandemic using a heat map approach:
https://bit.ly/3uE40dF 
I participated in a zoom Q&A regarding the Columbus Citizens Foundation scholarship 
that is given to an Italian-American medical student and that was given in my name as the 
Fauci scholarship. The recipient was Danielle Rinaldi who graduated from Boston College and 
who just entered the University of Virginia medical school. We had an interview with Danielle 
and I wished her luck in her career 
E-mail from Chris Whitty (UK) together with attachment bringing up important point about 
people in vaccine clinical trials counting as “vaccinated” for “vaccine passport” purposes.
From: Whitty, Chris <Chris.Whitty@dhsc.gov.uk> 
Sent: Monday, October 4, 2021 3:59 AM
To: Adomako, Melissa (NIH/NIAID) [E] <melissa.adomako@nih.gov>
Cc: chelsea.dickson@fcdo.gov.uk; Collet-Fenson, Luke <Luke.Collet-Fenson@dhsc.gov.uk>
Subject: Participants in vaccine trials and international travel
Dear Melissa
Would this be possible to pass on to Dr. Fauci?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 894 ---
Many thanks
Dear Tony
I hope all is good. 
We have discussed very considerable concern we have about people who have taken part in properly 
regulated vaccine trials then not being able to travel because they are not counted as ‘vaccinated’ for 
some countries. This is a major public health own gaol, because it is now proving a substantial 
disincentive to people taking part in trials, or to withdrawing from them. 
We think this is an easily fixable problem, but getting the international system to fix it is proving slow 
and difficult. A group of senior scientific and medical advisers to government in Europe has drafted a 
letter on this. I attach it for your interest, and in case you were also interested in being a cosignatory. 
Best wishes
Chris
20210929 - DRAFT 
open letter on immu        
On our usual weekly call with Secretary Becerra, we discussed the issue of getting many 
many more testing kits for home testing out into the community. We are talking about hundreds 
of millions of tests which the Brits and others are doing to follow people particularly those with 
asymptomatic infection who may be spreading infection. This has been a weak point in the US 
government approach for some time now. Although Carol Johnson has been the key person for 
testing for the US government, it appears now that Tom Ingelsby is going to be playing a major 
role.  this is also somewhat connected with the fact that the CDC is not really doing a very good 
job of screening for asymptomatic breakthrough infections among vaccinated people.  
Francis Collins told me a few days ago that he is going to announce his retirement on 
October 6th. I was one of the only people he told and we were hoping that it would not leak. He 
gave an exclusive interview to the Washington Post to Lenny Bernstein and Carolyn Johnson. 
While I was on my walk tonight with Christine I got a call from Erin Banco from The Daily 
Beast. Ellen asked me if I knew that Francis was going to announce his retirement. I told her “no 
comment”; she asked again and I said “no comment”. I immediately called up Francis and 
alerted him that someone had leaked it. He now has to make up his mind whether he's going to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 895 ---
abort his plan of announcing it to the IC directors tomorrow and then making the announcement 
on Thursday. The best laid plans ……. 
Interesting situation where Lindsey Graham mentioned to a group of Republicans that they 
should get vaccinated and they boot him out of the room. Goes to show you how crazy the world 
is gone we have one of the most conservative Republicans gets booed when he tells far right 
Republicans to get vaccinated 
PRESS:  CNN “At This Hour” with Kate Bolduan; Washington Times: Dr. Fauci: 
Americans, especially those vaccinated against COVID-19, should enjoy Christmas
Oct. 5, 2021 – Case and hospitalization continue to come down; however less sharply down 
than other surges
Hospitalizations and cases continue to come down. Deaths still up somewhat as a lagging 
indicator. The big question that is being debated by everyone as we go into the fall is whether or 
not we're going to have another surge as we get into the winter . I keep saying that that will 
depend on whether or not we get vaccinated a large proportion of the 70 million people who are 
unvaccinated who are eligible to be vaccinated.  
Francis Collins retirement.   Francis and I tried to keep the announcement confidential until the 
time when he wanted to announce it which was yesterday . However, as expected in Washington 
DC it leaked and all the press were bombarding me and others about comments. Justifiably and 
appropriately I gave glowing comments to the press. The leak was probably through 
congressional staff after Francis notified the chairs and minority of the various committees. 
although I will miss Frances greatly , it is good that he is leaving now while the Senate is under 
democratic control and we have a democratic president . Otherwise it could be a disaster is the 
Republicans take over the Senate whereby they would unlikely approve a good candidate. In 
addition it would really be a disaster if he stepped down on the Republican president particularly 
Donald Trump. I recalled in all of the interviews about his retirement that I had pleaded with him 
when he was trying to step down during the trump administration. I knew that if he did that 
trump would hire an unacceptable person. Francis listened to me and waited until Biden became 
President and we had a Democratic Congress.  
 PRESS: ABC “The Breakdown” ONLINE with Terry Moran and Kyra Phillips; MSNBC 
Peacock with Zelinda Maxwell; 
Oct. 6, 2021
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 896 ---
Hugh Hewitt (see  below with PRESS) - As a follow up of the interview with me in which 
Hugh Hewitt suggested that I stepped down, he has written an op Ed in the Washington Post 
saying the same thing. It is extraordinary how he can blame me for everything that has gone 
wrong with the CDC the FDA and HHS. It is becoming very clear that this is part of a truly 
concerted effort to discredit me. 
Call from Barbra Streisand. Barbra Called me on my cell phone today and they asked me 
questions about her booster shot she and her husband James Brolin are going on a trip and they 
both had two shots of Pfizer and was asking about whether she should get a boost. apparently 
their antibody levels are not particularly high and she was concerned about boosting since she 
was a little bit confused about it. Since she and James are both older than 65 years old , I 
recommended that they both get boosted. We had some fun on the phone joking about our 
mutual Brooklyn accents. It is always good to hear from her.  
PRESS:Bloomberg TV with David Westin;
Opinion: Is it time for Anthony Fauci to step 
aside?
Opinion by Hugh Hewitt
Contributing columnist 
Today at 8:00 a.m. EDT
Oct. 7, 2021 – Global – 236,000,000/4,800,000;  USA – 43,900,000/707,100
102,000 case today.   All parameters continue to come down slowly
Mandates are working – 25% businesses, 40% hospitals and colleges serving 37% of students 
are using mandates
The nonsense still goes on regarding EcoHealth Alliance and the Congress probing as to 
the gain of function issue. We now find out that Eco Health was late in the submission of a 
progress report which showed some increased pathogenicity in a mouse model. There will 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 897 ---
certainly be a conflation of their administrative failings with the proposal that many of the far 
right are pushing that the grant created the virus which as we've said multiple times is 
molecularly impossible. However, anything that is even a minor infraction of that grant will be 
conflated with the issue of the origin of the virus. In fact, Eco Health should have let the NIH 
know that in some of the mouse experiments there was an increase in pathogenicity associated 
with the chimeric virus. However what people will not appreciate is that even with that increase 
in pathogenicity, the experiment and the result still does not fall under the category that would 
trigger P3CO.  In other words, According to the operable definition of gain of function of 
concern at the time, this was not gained a function of concern. Namely, it was not an experiment 
that would increase the transmissibility and pathogenicity a virus that would likely cause 
widespread transmission and morbidity/mortality IN HUMANS. Some people may not like that 
definition under which we were operating, but that is the definition that was established by 
outside groups after a 3 year deliberative process. As I have said in the past if they don't like the 
definition then they should change the definition. However, what was done was done according 
to the existing definition at the time.   
PRESS: Gray Media  TV “Full Court Press” with Greta van Sustern;
Oct. 8, 2021 -  Global – 236,600,000/4,800,000;   USA – 44,100,000/708,800
Hatred on twitter!!  I have not been commenting on this in my daily notes . However, the vitriol 
and outright hatred towards me by the far right on Twitter is accelerating and is really 
extraordinary. Greg Folkers describes it as a cesspool of hate against me. This is amplified by the 
Fox News network who uses every opportunity particularly with Tucker Carlson, Sean Hannity, 
and Laura Ingraham who almost every night say something about me that is a total lie and would 
under other circumstances be extremely libelous. This is part of the total movement of the “big 
lie”.  CNN with Don Lemon last night showed clips of former Vice President Pence, Minority 
Leader Kevin McCarthy, Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, and Lindsey Graham condemning 
former president trump for being the instigating force behind the January 6th insurrection and 
insisting that he be held responsible for this. Then Don Lemon fast-forwarded to their statements 
recently in which they acted like January 6th never occurred. For example, former vice president 
Pence said that January 6th was a creation and fabrication of the media . This is astounding that 
these lies can be said without blinking an eye. I am concerned in some respects about myself 
and my safety even though I have security. However, I am even more concerned about 
whether our democracy will survive. 
There had been some talk that countries such as the UK, EU, and Israel we're allowing people 
who have recovered from COVID infection to be considered as equivalent to being vaccinated 
and hence would be allowed to have a “green pass “. As it turns out that certainly is not the case 
for the UK (see above – Chris Whitty) and recently Israel has also denied that that is the case for 
them.  However, post-infection people will need 1 dose of vaccine for a green pass. The new 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 898 ---
measure will be introduced on the same date that anyone who has not received a booster shot six 
months after getting a second vaccine dose will have their Green Pass revoked.
There has been considerable disagreement and discussion about whether the delta variant 
is more severe in children compared to other variants. Certain studies showed that delta 
variant appears to be more serious in adults compared to other variants; however, there is 
disagreement about children. A recent study came out from the UK showing that severity of 
illness was similar in children who were infected with the alpha variant compared to the delta 
variant . See link below: 
https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.10.06.21264467v1.full.pdf 
As booster discussions and disagreements continue, the Israeli data more and moire show that 
my stance on boosters is correct. For example, it is becoming clear that boosters protect against 
the waning immunity for infection and severe disease for individuals as young as 40 years old 
and not just for individuals who are 65 years of age and older . See recent paper in preprint 
server: 
Protection Across Age Groups of BNT162b2 Vaccine Booster against Covid-19 Yinon M. Bar-On*, M.Sc., 
Yair Goldberg*, Ph.D., Micha Mandel, Ph.D., Omri Bodenheimer, M.Sc., Laurence Freedman, Ph.D., 
Sharon Alroy-Preis, M.D., Nachman Ash, M.D., Amit Huppert*, Ph.D. and Ron Milo*, Ph.D. *Contributed 
equally
Had very successful leadership forum today. Somewhat sentimental since it is Francis Collins’s last 
leadership forum 
Oct. 10, 2021 – Global    USA
Had a rather slow relaxed day (Columbus Day holiday). Also Chris went to New Orleans to help 
Megan and Melissa move into their new home. I spend time reading in depth certain articles 
including the frightening article in the New York Times by Robert Kagan on the danger to our 
democracy. In addition I read a bunch of scientific stuff that felt good since I usually AM 1/2 an 
inch deep and five miles wide. 
I'm trying to put out of my mind the continual attacks by the far right dark web, Fox News, and 
the lying senators and congressmen who keep harping on the gain of function nonsense. I'm 
trying hard to not let it distract me, but it clearly is an organized assault on me 
PRESS:  CNN “State of the Union” with Dana Bash
Oct. 11, 2021
Over the past few months and more intensively over the past several weeks there has been 
considerable discussion between Peter Staley, James Krellenstein, and David Barr and Jeff 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 899 ---
Zients, David Kessler and me concerning the activists’ desire to get the federal government 
to pre-emptively increase the capacity of companies, particularly moderna, to make more 
vaccines for low and lower middle income countries. the activists want us to invoke the 
defense production act (DPA) to force moderna to allow Lonza to increase their capacity for 
vaccine production for LMICS.  below is just one of a series of emails reflecting the frustration 
on the part of Peter and colleagues with our inability to do that right now . What they do not 
completely understand is the complexity of the issues involved , although their ultimate goal as is 
mine is laudatory namely equity for vaccines for the rest of the world . See below emails :
From: Kessler, David (HHS/IOS) <David.Kessler@hhs.gov> 
Sent: Monday, October 11, 2021 1:04 PM
To: Konyndyk, Jeremy (USAID.GOV) <jkonyndyk@usaid.gov>; Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<afauci@niaid.nih.gov>; natalie.h.quillian (eop.gov) <natalie.h.quillian@who.eop.gov>; 
Jeffrey.D.Zients@who.eop.gov
Subject: Fwd: Moderna, Racing for Profits, Keeps Covid Vaccine Out of Reach of Poor
Jeremey
How should I respond to Peter.   Seems like the discrepancy between what Covax and the activists are 
saying is a key issue.   
ThAnks 
D
Sent from my iPhone
Begin forwarded message:
From: peterstaley@verizon.net
Date: October 11, 2021 at 12:46:40 PM EDT
To: "Kessler, David (HHS/IOS)" <David.Kessler@hhs.gov>, "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]" 
<afauci@niaid.nih.gov>, James Krellenstein <james@prep4all.org>, jeffrey.d.zients@who.eop.gov
Subject: RE: Moderna, Racing for Profits, Keeps Covid Vaccine Out of Reach of Poor
 
James should know what COVAX is saying. From our view, if you don’t count the badly 
underperforming vaccines, then we’ll need about 4 billion doses more than currently promised.
And buying doses still matters, especially since we waited this long to look at manufacturing. I 
know you got burned with Emergent, but J&J should be back in the mix at this point.
 
Cheers,
Peter
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 900 ---
From: Kessler, David (HHS/IOS) <David.Kessler@hhs.gov> 
Sent: Monday, October 11, 2021 12:33 PM
To: Peter Staley <peterstaley@verizon.net>; Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>; 
James Krellenstein <james@prep4all.org>; Jeffrey.D.Zients@who.eop.gov
Subject: RE: Moderna, Racing for Profits, Keeps Covid Vaccine Out of Reach of Poor
 Peter
How many mrna doses to you want delivered to l/lmic countries by end of 2022 beyond what we and 
covax/au have already contracted for?   What do you understand Covax to be saying the gap is?
d
 From: Peter Staley <peterstaley@verizon.net> 
Sent: Monday, October 11, 2021 7:55 AM
To: Kessler, David (HHS/IOS) <David.Kessler@hhs.gov>; Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<afauci@niaid.nih.gov>; James Krellenstein <james@prep4all.org>; Jeffrey.D.Zients@who.eop.gov
Subject: Re: Moderna, Racing for Profits, Keeps Covid Vaccine Out of Reach of Poor
 Adding Jeff. If you all had used the DPA to setup a GoCo factory with Lonza back in February, we’d be 
delivering millions of doses of NIAID’s vaccine to low income countries right now. 
 Instead, you still won’t talk directly to Lonza (even though their CEO has told us he’s ready to talk to 
you) because you fear offending Moderna. 
 Jeff, David, Tony—let me be frank. You all need to grow a pair. 
 James will be sending an email soon suggesting we hash all of this out over good food and wine in DC 
soon. I hope you’re all up for it. 
 Peter
 Sent from my iPhone
 
From: Peter Staley <peterstaley@verizon.net>
Sent: Monday, October 11, 2021 7:28 AM
To: Kessler, David (HHS/IOS); Tony Fauci (af10r@nih.gov); James Krellenstein
Subject: NYT: Moderna, Racing for Profits, Keeps Covid Vaccine Out of Reach of Poor
 Moderna, Racing for Profits, Keeps Covid Vaccine Out of Reach of 
Poor
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/10/09/business/moderna-covid-
vaccine.html
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 901 ---
 Sent from my iPhone
PRESS: CNN “The Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer
Oct. 12, 2021 – Global  - 237,400,000/4,800,000; USA – 44,400,000/714,000
Senator Rand Paul continues his assault on me. His latest rant is that I owe and apology to the 
100 million people in this country who he believes had been infected. He claims that I am in 
favor of mandating that they get vaccinated even though they are now protected and so given the 
fact that recent data indicate that there is reasonably good protection following infection, now all 
these people deserve an apology. I never said that they are not protected. I only said that they can 
be more protected if they get vaccinated. Another example of his gross distortion of the truth.
Had a Nice fireside chat but the Council on Government Relations talking about COVID-19 in 
general. The people with whom I spoke were David Norton and Wendy Streitz 
PRESS: WJLA Locel TV “Corona Special” with Lindsey Mastis;
Oct. 13, 2021  - Global   USA
Did a very enjoyable fireside chat with Rebecca Katz of Georgetown under the auspices of 
the Smithsonian. 
Broad observation. The medical team and I have been struggling with this issue that is out there 
percolating. It relates to the fact that people who might not want to obey the mandate to get 
vaccinated are saying that if they had previously been infected that this should count the same as 
already being vaccinated and so they should not be mandated to get vaccinated and they should 
not lose their jobs if they are in a situation where it is required that should be vaccinated to work 
in a certain organization. Although there are much more data about vaccinated people people 
who have post infection immunity comma it is in fact a legitimate question that they Are asking. 
The idiots like Rand Paul as indicated above do nothing but aim their criticism at me as if I am 
the person that's doing the mandates. However, despite that we still have to addressed this issue. 
The medical team last night had a zoom meeting at 9:00 PM with some of the outside physician 
community including Paul Offit, Peter Notez, Akiko Iwasaki, Mike Osterholm. We all agreed 
that although those who were infected with post infection immunity have a point , we still must 
get people vaccinated since vaccination following infection give the highest degree of protection 
and we do not have a good handle on the durability and the breath of protection following natural 
infection whereas we have much more information about those parameters following 
vaccination. 
Oct. 14, 2021 – Global    USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 902 ---
I briefed the POTUS in the Oval Office today. As usual he was a little bit late. We were 
supposed to have a briefing at 11:30 and it was not until after 12 that we started the briefing. The 
briefing was with the usual group including me, Jeff, Natalie, Vivek, Rochelle, and marcella. The 
President was alone and not with the vice president . We briefed him on the status of the 
outbreak , on the booster situation, and I briefed him on the recent data of the successful trial of 
Molnupiravir as an antiviral agent . Recent data showed a 50% decrease in the likelihood of 
hospitalization and death compared to placebo. However, during the discussion the president 
began to philosophize a little bit about the stress that is on the country . He refers 
specifically to a conversation that he had with Xi Jinping, President of China. Xi told him in a 45 
minute conversation that he felt that democracies throughout the world are failing and given the 
need to have rapid decisions about important items, a form of dictatorship works much more 
efficiently the democracy. He referred to the dysfunction in the United states Congress as a 
perfect example of this. President Biden and his discussion with us emphasized the importance 
of preserving democratic principles but did bemoan the fact that we do really have a 
dysfunctional situation in this country and trying to get things done in an expeditious manner. 
Biden showed during the discussion his empathy, his kindness, that is deep feeling about the 
importance of democracy. It was a very interesting discussion. 
Oct. 15, 2021
Had a very nice zoom conversation with Raj Panjebi. He is the new director of the president's 
malaria initiative (PMI). He set up a zoom call with me, Lee Hall, and several of his staff. He 
wanted to strengthen the relationship between NIAID and PMI based on the historically great 
interactions that we've had over the years. He went out of his way to recognize that I played an 
important role in the creation of the PMI. I promised Raj that I would work closely with him and 
the PMI to maximize the interaction and collaboration among us. 
My staff wants me to lay low a little bit as we approach the Senate HELP hearing on November 
4 since there certainly will be a lot of fireworks with Rand Paul and others. I am going to be on a 
few of the Sunday shows again this weekend and then after that I think I will be very selective in 
the TV shows that I go on . The reason for this is that no matter what I say the far right will 
absolutely distort it and make it into something political. It is striking that literally every single 
day I am criticized and attacked on social media, Fox News, and the tweeting of the far 
right including by people like senator Paul. The latest that trump is doing is putting signs up 
that fouchy stole Christmas. This is based on a question that Margaret Brennan asked me on Face 
the Nation a couple of weeks ago about whether I could predict what the outbreak would be as 
we get into the winter I merely said that we really can't predict it will depend on how many 
people get vaccinated. That got translated by the far right in that I was stealing Christmas from 
them. Truly unbelievable nonsense  
PRESS: Interview with NBC Health (print); 
Oct.17, 2021
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 903 ---
Important couple of days over the last few days. the booster data from moderna and J & J 
were presented to the FDA . In addition, the mix and match data from NIAID were evaluated. It 
is going to be an interesting dilemma since the Moderna and Pfizer boosted J & J better than J&J 
boosted itself. It should be interesting to see how the recommendations come out. 
The same old crap is going on with the far right continuing to attack me . The latest is a book 
written by an Australian person who says I'm the father of gain of function research with quotes 
from the infamous Richard Ebright saying that I'm a liar and I have misled everybody about gain 
of function. What a bunch of nonsense! The far right continues to try and discredit me. On a very 
nice interview that I had with Chris Wallace (see below), Chris asked me what I thought was 
going on concerning my being a very polarizing figure . I answered that it is not surprising that 
I'm a polarizing figure since I speak the truth and people who are lying , who are propagating 
conspiracy theories , and who don't admit the facts even when they're staring them right in the 
face uh certainly people who will be polarized against me since I stand for something that makes 
them very uncomfortable and that something is the truth. 
Chris and I went to a wonderful brunch over Adrienne Arsh’s home.  The brunch was in 
honor of Christine LaGarde.  the typical Washington a list was there. It was a fun brunch since 
Adrienne is such a wonderful and generous person. I tend to shy away from these functions since 
everyone gathers around me wanting to take photos and telling me what a wonderful job I'm 
doing. Even though this is something that is not unpleasant, I still am uncomfortable when 
people call attention to me when I'm in a crowd. However they are all well meaning and I should 
feel gratified that they do pay attention to me. 
PRESS:  Fox “News Sunday” with Chris Wallace; ABC “This Week” with Martha 
Raddetz; MSNBC with Alex Witt;
Oct. 18, 2021
Sad news today!! Colin Powell passed away due to complications of COVID-19.   He had been 
under treatment for multiple myeloma.   He was vaccinated against SARS-CoV-2.   He died at 
Walter Reed Hospital.  I got to know him through social events.   He was always very kind, 
generous and gave me advice about writing my memoir.  Very likeable person.
I received a call this morning from Dr. Jason Blaylock of Walter Reed hospital. I got to 
know Jason from when he came over to the office and gave me an Army medallion for giving a 
lecture to Walter Reed. In addition, he was involved in the care of President Trump when he got 
COVID. He wanted to speak to me to run by me exactly what he did in the treatment of Colin 
Powell to determine if I would have done anything different and if he had made any mistakes in 
the treatment. It was a very humble reaching out to me by a very sincere physician who cared 
deeply about whether he gave optimal care to General Powell. I went over with him each and 
every step in detail from the time Powell entered the hospital to the time he died this morning. At 
every single point in his care I had no problems or issues with the way he was treated or handled. 
I would not have done anything differently and I believe that General Powell received as good 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 904 ---
care as he could have gotten anywhere in the country or the world. It was merely an example of 
an 83 year old man with an underlying malignancy , in this case multiple myeloma, together with 
Parkinson's disease, chemotherapy for his multiple myeloma , as well as underlying 
cardiovascular disease and hypertension. He was given superb care and yet he still succumbed. 
He had been vaccinated with the Pfizer product back in February but because of scheduling and 
other problems, he never received a 3rd booster dose which he should have gotten given his 
immune compromised state. Bottom line is that I do not think anything could have been done 
differently. Doctor Blaylock indicated to me that they are already receiving a lot of negative 
social media by anti-vaxxers who are now saying that General Powell was vaccinated but he still 
died; therefore, people should not get vaccinated. Typical anti-vaccine nonsense. 
Had a very productive conversation with my UK colleague Chris Whitty. There has been 
some recent reports a mini-surge in cases in the UK. The UK is considerably under vaccinating 
children compared to the United States. In addition, they do not require that children wear masks 
in school. Chris mentioned that the surge is among children and that for the first time we are 
seeing transmission from the children who are infected in school to their parents and relatives 
within the household. This is very different from prior assumptions that children do not transmit 
infection to adults. Chris thinks that this was true with the alpha variant which was not 
particularly transmissible. However, he feels that with the delta variant and its high degree of 
transmissibility that this is what we are now seeing. He gave us a heads up because the UK is 
usually about a month ahead of us in the dynamics of the outbreak. We may not be seeing this 
type of a surge since we are pushing very hard to vaccinate children. In fact, next week the FDA 
will look at the data from Pfizer on vaccinating children from 5 to 11 years old. One other point 
with the UK is that they are not enthusiastic about mandating vaccination even though they are 
doing well with having vaccinated about 85% of their population with at least one dose. 
Oct. 19, 2021 – Global – 241.000,000/4,900,000;  USA – 45,000,000/726,000
Interesting zoom with White House protocol staff today arranged by Jeff. The purpose of 
the meeting was to get my input about how to restrict or not events and visitors to the White 
House moving forward . This is particularly relevant as we approach the holiday season and the 
protocol people have to make decisions regarding holiday receptions, state dinners and tours of 
the White House. It was an interesting discussion in which they relied on my judgment as to how 
restrictive they should be regarding the size of the crowd, the requirement of testing, and the 
requirement of vaccination. 
I have received a lot of honors over the last year and a half from a number of prestigious 
organizations . Unfortunately there are so many of these that it is very difficult to fully appreciate 
them as they all seemed to pile up in a very intense time frame. However, last night I received 
one that was particularly nice . It was the History Maker Medal from the New York 
Historical Society which was associated with the fireside chat between me and my good 
friend David Rubenstein.  As a special treat they had the Regis High School jazz ensemble 
play music in the background in my honor  
Oct. 20, 2021 – Global  - 241,000,000/4,900,000;  USA – 45,000,000/728,000
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 905 ---
PRESS: NBC “Nightly News” with Lester Holt; CNN with Chris Cuomo
An example of the insanity out there making me the boogeyman for the extreme right.   
This is just one example of many:
'You're crazy': CNN reporter tells off doctor to 
his face after he says vaccines will result in 
'genocide' 
Brad Reed 
October 19, 2021 
Screen cap / CNN 
CNN's Drew Griffin on Tuesday conducted an interview with anti-vaccine Dr. Rashid Buttar in which the 
doctor claimed that COVID-19 vaccines would result in a "genocide" worse than anything Nazi dictator 
Adolf Hitler did during World War II.
During the interview, Griffin confronted Buttar for his past comparisons between Hitler and Dr. Anthony 
Fauci, the nation's leading expert in infectious diseases.
"You think Dr. Fauci is involved in some kind of plot to kill millions of people?" Griffin asked. "I just want 
to make sure I understand this."
"Again, Drew, I'm a reasonable person," Buttar replied. "I said it could be this, but I can tell you that Dr. 
Fauci is not an innocent bystander. He is very well aware of what he is doing."
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 906 ---
Later in the interview, Buttar claimed that the majority of deaths from the delta variant of the novel 
coronavirus were caused by "vaccine injury," despite the fact that the vast majority of deaths came from 
the unvaccinated.
"I don't want to be part of this mass genocide that I see happening," Buttar told him. "And I think that 
what's going on right now will be remembered as a worst time in history compared to... World War II."
"I just want to be straight with you," said Griffin. "I think you're crazy."
Oct. 21, 2021
Larry Tabak, representing the NIH, released some progress reports from the EcoHealth 
grant which were late in their submission. It indicated thatn mice became sicker than the 
controls and could be interpreted by some as “gain of function” even though it does not 
qualify for P3CO.  As expected, this led to an avalanche of extremists calling Larry, 
Frances, and I liars. This was all lead by the infamous Richard Ebright who made a tweet 
as shown below. I must write something about this complete idiot In my book since he 
really is a horrible person:
The NIH received the relevant documents in 2018 and 
reviewed the documents in 2020 and again in 2021. The 
NIH--specifically, Collins, Fauci, and Tabak--lied to Congress, 
lied to the press, and lied to the public. Knowingly. Willfully. 
Brazenly.
In addition, a number of people: Mark Meadows, Sen. Tom Cotton and others are tweeting that I 
lied under oath
PRESS: CBS :Mornings” with Gayle King;
Oct. 22, 2021 -  Global  -  242,000,000/4,900,000; USA - 45,100,000/730,000;
Larry Tabak was treated very poorly by several Republican congressmen and senators that 
he briefed yesterday. They continue to distort the truth insisting that I and to some extent doctor 
Collins have lied about whether or not the NIH funded “gain of function” research. They do not 
understand nor do they seem to want to understand that we were operating under the framework 
of P3CO which clearly indicates that the experiments that were funded by the NIH in Wuhan fell 
under that auspices and were properly conducted according to the existing guidelines at the time. 
They want to hear none of that and continue to insist that we are denying that gain of function 
research was done and they put forth the preposterous suggestion if not the strong indication that 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 907 ---
the research that we funded created SARS-CoV-2. It looks like I'm going to have a tough time at 
the hearing on November the 4th since they are clearly politically motivated and are doing 
anything to discredit me and the NIH. 
I had an enjoyable and productive discussion with the Minister of Health and Social 
Services of Quebec (Christian Dube and his chief medical advisor Horacio Arruda). The 
minister was very interested in my advice about where I think we are going with the outbreak 
looking forward. He asked the question that many ask as to when I believe we may return to 
some form of normality including when we can get along without wearing masks. I gave him the 
advice I usually give to people emphasizing how importance the implementation a vaccine 
program will be in determining when a given country can get back tomorrow. 
PRESS:  MSNBC “Morning Joe”; CNN “New Day” with John Berman;
Oct. 23, 2021 Global – 242,300,000/4,900,000;  USA – 45,300,000/733,834
There was the typical but not unexpected backlash on the part of the far-right media 
concerning the letter that Larry Tabak sent out concerning the progress report from 
EcoHealth that was late. In order to be totally transparent, Larry sent out a note to 
Congressman Comer saying that Ecohealth was late in submitting a progress report of their grant 
and mentioned in the letter that some of the mice in the study had an increase in viral growth and 
got sicker. This was immediately taken up by the far right as proving that Fauci and Collins were 
lying when they said we did not fund gain of function research at Wuhan. They failed to mention 
that in that same letter Larry made it very clear that the research did not rise to the scrutiny of 
P3CO. In other words by our definition, it was not gain of function. This set off a firestorm of far 
right media craze saying that Francis and I lied. Therefore, I spent the greater part of today, 
tonight and tomorrow morning putting together a statement for the NIH website to correct the 
misrepresentation on the part of the far right media. 
Oct. 24, 2021
We are finally getting the statement in shape to put on the NIH website (see above).  
Fortunately, I was on the Sunday TV Show this morning (see below) with George 
Stephanopoulos where George gave me the opportunity to refute Rand Paul who will be saying 
tonight on HBO that I lied and that the President should fire me. I pushed back firmly on this 
during the TV hit with George and in today's press including Rolling Stone and the Washington 
Examiner they accurately picked up my push back. This is turning into a continual conflict 
between me and the far-right Congressman and the far-right media. I will not back down to these 
ridiculous accusations. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 908 ---
PRESS:  ABC “This Week” with George Stephanopoulos
Oct. 25, 2021
There seems to be no end to the nonsense. No doubt there was a concerted effort led by a 
group that I'm not sure what it is but it likely is the Republican National Committee which 
literally has squads of people looking out for anything and everything that I'm involved with and 
finding some way to attack me. The latest that came out last night and today is the fact that there 
is apparently an NIAID grant that is testing a vaccine for leishmaniasis in dogs. It vaccinates the 
dogs and allows sand flies infected with leishmania to bite the dogs. It is now being billed as 
horrific cruelty to animals directed personally by me. I have no idea what the grant is nor what 
they are doing in the grants and I'm asking the staff to investigate that now but it has triggered a 
new hashtag called #Arrest Fauci.
We know now that apparently the grant was not an NIAID grant that supported the controversial 
research on the dogs. They listed us as the grantee when in fact that was a mistake. We are trying 
to correct this now with a statement to the press. And the crap goes on and on ……..  
Now they have begun harassing campaign where I am getting does is in dozens of calls on my 
cell phone using FaceTime from numbers that I do not recognize which are clearly people who 
now have my cell phone number for harassing me about the Beagle study 
Wonderful article by Dana Milbank in the Washington Post blasting the right wing for 
harassing me:  https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2021/10/25/fauci-puppy-experiments-
conspiracy-republicans/
Another great article by Pavlovitz (blog) again attacking those right wing elements for 
harrassung me: https://johnpavlovitz.com/2021/10/25/the-mortal-sin-of-anthony-
fauci/?fbclid=IwAR3WZ4c5uvgNMye_1LH6JKD86rUReE37IJxJN1dbU5W3uE_crpYt-9RYyg8
Jeff called me up tonight in a very nice phone call. He said that he felt very badly that I was being 
attacked viciously by the far right and he said that he would do anything that he could if I needed any 
help from him . But he totally empathized with the fact that I'm being egregiously attacked by the far 
right. 
In addition I had a very nice phone call with Chris Wallace of FOX News who called me asking some 
medical advice about a trip that he wants to take to Oxford to lecture at the Oxford Union . I went over 
the pros and cons and risk benefit of making such a trip . In the course of the conversation he 
empathized greatly with me about the attacks that I'm under by the far right and  he fully understands 
what is going on. 
PRESS:  See above link;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 909 ---
CNN’s Reiner: NIH Funded Research That 
Caused Virus to ‘Gain Function’ But Fauci’s 
Testimony Is True Because That Wasn’t the 
‘Intent’
Oct. 26, 2021   -   GLOBAL – 243,600,000/4,900,000; USA – 45,468,434/736,048
. It is so very clear now that this is a concerted effort to discredit me and assassinate my 
character. We have counted the attacks regarding the Beagle dog experiments , but still the 
attacks continue falsely claiming that NIAID funded the studies. 
FDA VRBPAC met to discuss the data from the Pfizer trial in 5 to 11 yo children.   
VRBPAC recommended approval and on Oct. 29, FDA issued an EUA for age group.   They 
received 10 micrograms instead of the full dose of 30 micrograms
PRESS:   Fauci had no involvement in study on 
monkey threat responses
By ALI SWENSON  2 hours ago
AP
Oct. 27, 2021 – Global    USA
Andy Slavitt is out there tweeting in my defense.  Yasmeen Abutaleb (Washington Post) Has 
agreed to write a story trying to uncover the source of this organized effort to discredit me period 
up to this point I have told her to hold back on doing any big story. However, I think the time is 
coming very soon uh to do something about this unprecedented attack that I am experiencing. 
We are getting bombarded by letters from Republican congressmen and senators (Ranking 
Minorities) on the various committees asking pages and pages of ridiculous questions that really 
have no answers concerning our oversight of the Wuhan Ecohealth grant and demanding 
explanation for things that really in many respects are trivial.  All of it is underscored by a strong 
accusatory tone in all the questions. One letter in question was 14 pages long from Cathy 
McMorris Rogers addressed to Francis Collins. it contained the most miniscule details about 
technicalities of grants that was getting to the point that we did not have good oversight of the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 910 ---
ecohealth grants and hence the strong implication that we may have supported research that led 
to SARS-Cov-2.  Absolutely preposterous !!! 
PRESS: NPR “Morning Edition” with Noel King; Spectrum News1 TV “Inside the Issues” 
with Alex Cohen; CNN with Don Lemon
How Trump’s allies are still trying to insulate 
him from blame for the coronavirus pandemic
President Donald Trump waves to members of the media as he leaves 
the White House to go to Walter Reed National Military Medical Center after he tested positive for the 
coronavirus on Oct. 2, 2020, in Washington. (Alex Brandon/AP)
By Philip Bump
National correspondent
Today at 10:30 a.m. EDT
On Tuesday, freshman Rep. Madison Cawthorn (R-N.C.) gave a speech from the floor of the 
House that was as furious as it was terse, as inscrutable as it was accusatory. Over the span of 64 
words, he called for the creation of a commission aimed at exploring the origins of 
the coronavirus at the heart of the pandemic, called the country’s top infectious-disease expert 
Anthony S. Fauci a “demon doctor,” accused Fauci of lying to Congress, accused Fauci of having 
a hand in creating the virus and suggested that Fauci was linked to “funding the torture of 
puppies in Africa.” It took 65 words just to summarize the claims, which should tell you 
something about Cawthorn’s succinctness.
Oct. 28, 2021 – GLOBAL – 244,385,444/4,961,489; USA – 45,655,635/740,348
I had a long conversation with Yasmeen Abutaleb of the Washington Post yesterday . She is 
getting very worked up about the fact that she realizes now that there is an organized effort to 
discredit me and she wants to use the investigative reporter capabilities of the Washington Post 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 911 ---
to try and find out if they can track funding for this effort to the Republican Party or to any other 
organization that is trying to discredit me. Let us see how this turns out. 
And Paul continues to look for trouble and this recently asked that the witnesses at the 
upcoming HELP hearing testify on the oath . He is obviously referring to me because he 
wants to be able to say that I lied under oath. Please see the letter that he wrote to me 
below :
21.10.28 Letter to 
NIAID Director Fauci   
Politifact is trying to debunk the lies about me that are swirling around fast and furious about killing 
dogs, starting the AIDS epidemic and killing orphaned children.   This is a massive campaign to attack 
me and discredit me.
Unpacking the noise around Dr. Anthony Fauci 
and beagle experiments 
By Bill McCarthy October 28, 2021 
Had a terrific evening last night at the Kennedy Center. Barney Graham and Kizzmekia 
Corbet received the Sammie Awards and I and Jeff Zients presented them with the awards.  A;sp, 
Eliseo Perez Stable and Gary Gibbons received special awards.   Good night.   
PRESS: Telemundo “Produccion Hoy Dia” with Arantxa Loizaga; regional TV – Houston, 
Detroit, DesMoines; 
Oct. 29, 2021 – Global – 244,879,472/4,970,435;  USA – 45,759,230/741,566
FDA issues EUA for Pfizer 5 to 11 yo. vaccine
Yasmeen Abutaleb Is continuing to gather data on the conspiracy of the far right against 
me. She is working with Courtney Billet on gathering information connecting this activity with 
the far-right Republicans. Most recently they discovered that Donald Trump Jr. in his campaign 
running for office is selling shirts that say “Fauci  kills dog”.  Hopefully, Yasmeen we'll have a 
story out of this. 
PRESS:   Washington Post “fact checker” Glenn Kessler gives Rand Paul 2 Pinocchios in 
saying that I lied about funding GOF research:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 912 ---
Fact Checker
Analysis
The repeated claim that Fauci lied to 
Congress about ‘gain-of-function’ research
Oct. 30, 2021
Had a meeting in my home today with Hugo Crosthwaite who will be doing one of his 
extraordinary artistic renditions of me which is a sketched portrait in motion. He was 
accompanied by Dr. Taina Caragol who is the curator of painting and sculpture and LatinX art 
and history at the National Portrait Gallery. He wanted to explain to me what he will be doing 
over the next couple of months in putting together his portrait of me. 
Last night we had a delightful time visiting the on Massachusetts Ave where we were given a 
tour of the beautiful library end of the world clock.  
Oct. 31, 2021 – Uneventful Sunday
PRESS: Italian TV – Che Tempo Che Fa – with Fabio Fazio
Nov. 1, 2021   
Continued attacks from far right..   “National Pulse” talking about a book soon to come out by 
Peter Navarro that attacks me. 
Just found out that Nicholas Erickson of the Republican National Committee has been 
FOIA-ing my emails as well as “copies of Anthony Fauci’s scheduled meetings, appointments, 
scheduled events, outlook calender events, and aily briefing books between the dates 6/1/21 to 
present” (Sept 2, 2021)
Preparing for the Nov. 4 Senate HELP Hearing.  Rand Paul has sent letter to me, Rochelle, 
Dawn O’Connell and Janet Woodcock asking if we would be willing to testify under oath. This 
is completely unusual for a minority who is not even the ranking minority to make such a request 
. It is very clear where he is going with this. He wants to be able to tweet after the hearing that 
whatever I said was lying underoath similar to what he had said before. I doubt very seriously 
whether the chair of the committee, Patty Murray, will allow this. However, we shall see.  
Did the Stubing Lecture of the Greenwall Foundation this evening. It was a fireside chat 
moderated by Sanjay Gupta who interviewed Christine and I in front of a virtual audience of a 
noteworthy because of the extraordinarily polished performance that Christine gave in the 
fireside chat interview. It is very clear that she is highly respected by her colleagues in the field 
of ethics. Her performance was flawless. 
PRESS: CBS “The Late Late Show” with James Corden;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 913 ---
Nov. 2, 2021 – Global – 246,594,191/4,998,784;   USA – 46,024,349/745,274
The decline in cases in the United states is unfortunately beginning to plateau. We have 
started to see the inklings of this as the steepness of the deflection has diminished and we are 
getting stuck for several days now at around 70,000 cases per day. We will have to watch this 
closely. In addition, cases in the European Union particularly in Eastern Europe are starting to 
surge. This is all bad news as we enter into the cold season of the fall and winter. 
Francis Collins and I had a conference call with chairperson Patty Murray of the HELP 
committee. She was very sympathetic about the fact that the Republicans would have come at me 
pretty hard and she wanted me to explain to her about gain of function research so that she could 
get a better understanding of things and she promised that she would give me the opportunity to 
respond if people like Rand Paul do not give me the possibility of the chance of responding 
ACIP meets today to discuss Pfizer vaccine for 5 to 11 yo.   Voted unanimously to 
recommend vaccines for 5 to 11 year olds
Governor Phil Murphy of New Jersey was involved in a very close race for re election. The 
next day (tomorrow) I texted him and congratulated him on his close win. He texted me back 
thanking me for my friendship and sending his best regards to Christine. He is really a good guy. 
Nov. 3, 2021 –
Final pre for the HELP Hearing.   I fully expect that they will come at me hard
PRESS:  CNN “New Day” with Briana Keilar; Usual WH Press briefing; CNN with Chris 
Cuomo; MSNBC with Chris Hayes
Nov. 4, 2021 – Global – 247,472,724/5,012,337; USA – 46,180,190/747,970
Very important Day!!
Senate HELP Hearing - I together with Dawn O'Connell, Janet Woodcock, Rochelle Walensky 
testified before the Senate HELP hearing chaired by Patty Murray . We had expected to have the 
same conflict with Senator Rand Paul who continues to lie egregiously about the gain of function 
research which he claims was done at the Wuhan Institute of Virology funded by NIAID. During 
the last Hearing I had a direct conflict with him in which he accused me of being responsible for 
the death of four million people by funding research at Wuhan. At that time, I angrily said that he 
was the liar.  He continued along this line totally misrepresenting facts and accusing me of lying 
before the Congress. However, in contrast to what I did last time I did not aggressively call him a 
liar, which he is. What I did was very calmly counter all of his arguments that this was a proven 
leak from the Wuhan lab, that we were continuing to fund the Wuhan lab, and that I was 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 914 ---
responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic. Chairperson Patty Murray was extremely helpful in 
allowing me to counter his ranting lies . I closed the session by saying then I have a great deal of 
respect for the institution of the United States Senate, but in fact everything he said was 
“egregiously incorrect “.   see link to the actual testimony below: https://bit.ly/2ZZzqAa 
Call from Barack Obama – Leslie Dach had contacted Barack Obama to ask him to give me a 
call to see what he could do to counter the slanderous lies there have been coming from the far 
right press, extreme right elements in society, and even several members of the Senate and the 
House. President Obama called me tonight at 5:00 PM on my cell phone and offered to help in 
any way that he can. He started off the conversation by saying that he was concerned about me 
and how I was holding up under this onslaught of slanderous lies. HE SAID THAT I WAS A 
“CIVILIAN” and that I should not have to put with this nonsense.   He as a politician is used to 
this, but I have done nothing but serve that American public and the world for decades. He 
expressed concern that this would interfere with my important work on behalf of the American 
people.   I explained to him what was going on and he was extremely sympathetic and in fact 
said that he would call up Ron Klain and or Jeff Zients to ask them to have the administration be 
proactive in countering these lies. I explained to him that President Biden as well as Ron Klain 
and Jeff Zients had been extremely helpful and supportive in making it very clear that they had 
complete confidence in me. In addition, I told him then Jen Psaki had continuously said at White 
House press conferences when asked whether the President would fire me that indeed the 
President would never fire me and that this was a bunch of nonsense. President Obama felt that 
we should do more than just claiming that they have my support and actually go on the offensive 
and call out people who are allowing this to be said and are not stepping up. President Obama 
said that he would call up Jeff Zients and tell him to mobilize some of the people in the 
administration to proactively go out and defend me. I told President Obama about the crazy 
things that the far-right Republicans were doing including the fact that Donald Trump, Jr. had on 
his website the sale of sweatshirts and T shirts to collect money for his campaign and on the T 
shirts and sweatshirts it said “Fauci kills puppies “.  Obama said That Donald Trump junior is “A 
fucking moron”.  He apologized for using crude language but then went on to say that Donald 
Trump was a hopeless idiot who was a pathologic liar. He was very upset that none of the 
moderate Republicans were actually speaking out on my behalf and were distancing themselves 
from all of this terrible slanderous behavior against me. It was a great conversation that lasted for 
25 minutes and he said that if he hears anything about movement in this direction he will get 
back to me. It indeed was an incredibly memorable phone call.  
Received the call late at night tonight from Albert Bourla, the chairman and CEO of 
Pfizer. He wanted to alert me that tomorrow morning they will announce extremely 
favorable results from their protease inhibitor + ritonavir (PAXLOVID).  The results are 
truly striking. In a randomized , placebo controlled trial, the efficacy of this oral formulation was 
89% if given within the first three days following symptoms and 85% efficacy if given within the 
first five days of symptoms. The group were people 18 years old and older with 1 or 2 risk 
factors such as smoking, diabetes, and hypertensions.   There were no deaths in the treatment 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 915 ---
group and 10 deaths in the placebo group. Albert recognized that NI AID played a significant 
role in the early development of this drug. They will apply for anyway soon. 
November 5, 2021 – Global – 247,968,227/5,020,204; USA – 46,268,465/749,876
Phone call with Mikael Dolsten of Pfizer and his team.  They explained to a group of us 
(USG) the details of the Pfizer drug trial results (See above)
I continue to get hassled by people FOIA-ing my emails . For example today we got a request 
from a Robin Bravender of Insider (a trash publication) for my e-mails from Nov. 3, 2021
Another extraordinary Day !!!  I attended the Funeral services of General Colin L Powell 
at the Washington National Cathedral at the invitation of the Powell family. Beautiful sunny 
crispy cool Fall day!  It was truly a moving and extraordinary event characterized by moving 
speeches from Madeleine Albright, Richard Armitage, and General Powell's son Michael K. 
Powell. A notable  part of the event was the extraordinary rendition of the song “How great thou 
are” by Wintley Phipps. The entire “A” list of present and former administrations including the 
President (Biden) and first lady, former Presidents Barack Obama and George W Bush, and 
former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. I went over and chatted with all of them right before 
the ceremony. I thanked President Obama for our discussion the other night (see above), and I 
had a very interesting and amusing situation with Hillary Clinton. As soon as she saw me she 
opened up her arms and we gave each other a big warm hug. She whispered in my ear “now you 
know what it feels like “clearly referring to the issue with the emails and all the other flak that I 
am taking. I told her some details of what I was going through and she commiserated with me 
thoroughly. She also said that she wanted to give me a call very soon so we could get together. 
President Biden recognized me from across the room and gave me a nod and a finger point. On 
the wayout General Mark Milley came up to me put his arms around my shoulder and said “the 
only person who was getting his balls kicked more than me in Washington is you “.  I responded 
by saying “no shit”.  he then responded by saying “Fuck ‘em”.  I also ran into a number of other 
people from former administrations who chatted with me including James Baker, and Donna 
Shalala. I also met Ken Duberstein who is looking very frail and in a wheelchair. I didn't 
recognize him until the person who is taking care of him re-introduced us he said that he was the 
one who convinced Ronald Reagan to appoint me as director of NIAID and that I make him 
proud every single day particularly when he sees me out on TV doing my good work. BTW - It 
really is nice having a security detail to whisk you in and out of these events . It would have 
taken me forever to get in and I would have been locked in there forever. However, with Brett 
taking care of me it was as smooth as could be. 
PRESS: NPR “All Things Considered” with Mary Louise Kelly;
Nov. 6, 2021
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 916 ---
'God' asked people who should be sainted 
next. Here are the top 20 most popular 
responses. 
Nov. 9, 2021 – Global – 249,743,428/5,047,652;  USA – 46,541,113/753,564
Pfizer announced yesterday that they were going to ask the FDA to approve on an EUA 
boosters for everyone 18 years old and older. There is still concern on the part of Rochelle that 
the ACIP will not recommend boosters for everyone but would hold back on younger individuals 
particularly young men because of the risk of myocarditis. I have been pushing hard within the 
Medical Group as well as publicly saying that given the fact that we have plateaued on cases at 
around 70,000 per day and that we have already lost 750,000 Americans we should clearly boost 
everyone. Germany has already decided to boost every adult as has Israel. This is a situation 
where I am clearly at odds with the conservative approach of the ACIP
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 917 ---
Just a reminder of ongoing events - I have not been indicating this in my daily notes since they 
are ongoing activities but we are still are having anywhere from two to three White House press 
conferences per week as well as a weekly governors call inwhich I participate as well as a 
weekly briefing of the principles (cabinet members). For example, we had a very good 
conversation today with the governors about the recent approval of the Pfizer vaccine for 
children 5 to 11 years old and what this might ultimately mean both for the children as well As 
for the dynamics of the outbreak in this country. 
Larry Horowitz (Former staffer to Ted Kennedy) and confidante of Nancy Pelosi - Just to 
catch up on the note keeping , Larry has been very bullish about getting the Pfizer product to be 
used as a booster for all age groups. I agree with him strongly, but it is very clear that he has very 
close ties with Pfizer , in addition to his obvious strong relationship with Nancy Pelosi. Larry 
keeps texting me with all information about how other countries including Germany, Israel, uh 
and now Canada have decided to boost with Pfizer at all age groups. Of course the CDC and 
their ACIP may not be as enthusiastic given what I believe is an overly concerned attitude about 
myocarditis in the younger male age group. Today Pfizer has submitted their application to the 
FDA for an EUA for boosters for people 18 and over. Let us see how this turns out. 
Did another zoom call with Pastor Connie Miller of Maryland where I spoke to her with her 
parishioner children listening.  I explained why it was important to get vaccinated and I told him 
that I would be going to the North Pole to vaccinate Santa Claus’s young elves.  
Call from Larry Jameson, Executive Dean and Senior Vice-President of Penn Medicine - 
Larry called me today with a very interesting proposal of what I can do when I step down as 
director of NIAID. He would like me to consider assuming a named professorship at the 
University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine. He said I could have offices in Washington DC 
in the Joe Biden center which is located in downtown DC and is part of the University of 
Pennsylvania. I could spend most of my time in Washington and intermittently visit Penn. This is 
likely the first of several offers at this type that I will get; however, this seems like exactly the 
kind of thing I would want to allow me to write my books , give lectures, and have a home base 
in a highly reputable institution. 
Town Hall with Congresswoman Anna Eshoo (D-CA) - I have been doing a number of town 
hall appearances with various Congress men and women over the last several months , almost all 
Democrats. I have not mentioned them in my notes for the most part however the one I did 
tonight with Anna who is special since she is such an avid fan of mine and effusively praised me 
throughout the town hall meeting. Her district is the San Mateo and Palo Alto area. Interestingly, 
that is where Joan Baez lives. We spoke about boosters, vaccinations in general, vaccine 
hesitancy, and what the end game is of getting back to normal in this pandemic. 
PRESS:  Bloomberg TV with David Westin; NPR Radio interview with Joe Palca; 
Nov. 10, 2021   Global  - 250,154,972/5,054,267;  USA – 46,626,034/755,201
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 918 ---
Many Eastern European countries by having record surges of COVID with increases in 
hospitalizations and deaths. These countries include the Ukraine, Romania, Russia, Bulgaria, 
among others. In the United states although the cases are plateauing as a group, there are other 
areas of the country particularly some of the western and northern states it is starting to see 
increases including the important state of California. In fact, the daily average over the past week 
for the country has shown a 5% increase in cases. 
Met by Zoom today with Eric Schultz at the request of Barack Obama - Eric was really very 
helpful. He has enormous experience at being a comms expert working with Barack Obama. He 
was involved in deflecting a lot of the criticism against Obama during his Presidency. Eric was 
very realistic about what can be done in my case although he admitted that the level of attacks 
against me was clerly organized and unprecendented. He wanted to find out what was being 
negatively impacted by all of this. I explained to him that it was a very strong strain on me but 
that I'm strong enough to withstand it and he seemed to resonate with that. I told him that my 
scientific staff seems to be able to do their job even though the onslaught of this is so clear to 
them and they feel badly about what I'm going through. I told him that the group that is getting 
most overwhelmed with this is my legislative and my communications staff. Eric felt that it 
would be very difficult to shame the right wing media and even the right wing members of 
Congress and the Senate, and so he is unsure whether going after them would make a difference. 
He wanted to know whether I needed more help at the staff level in communications and 
legislation. I don't think that we do need that but I referred him to Courtney Billet with whom he 
has already scheduled a meeting. He did say that he was interested in the Washington Post piece 
that will be written by Yasmeen Abutaleb. He feels that if we can galvanize other media people 
to call out these groups that are attacking me that this could be very helpful. Once you expose the 
people who are instigating this, they often are reluctant to continue. And so, I am waiting to see 
how is conversation with Courtney goes.  I am very thankful to Barack Obama for helping to set 
up this meeting with Eric. 
Nice fireside chat with Bill First Bipartisan Center - The audience were a number of policy 
makers who listened in on the bipartisan senators discussions. Bill asked the usual questions ut 
the status of the outbreak but where we're going what does the end game look like and all the 
other questions that are generally asked. 
PRESS:Interview with “The Daily” – New York Times – Michael Barbaro; 
Nov. 11, 2021
Just to catch up on what is going on with the Moderna/NIH patent dispute. It has been very 
clear from the very beginning that there was a very strong collaboration between investigators at 
the Vaccine Research Center (VRC) and the Moderna company . In particular John Mascola , 
Barney Graham, and Kizzmekia Corbett were heavily involved in the development of the mRNA 
-1273 vaccine. It was assumed by everyone that there would be a joint patent inventorship. And 
so, when a few months ago we heard that there was some disagreement among the tech transfer 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 919 ---
people of the NIH and the lawyers at Moderna, Frances and I engaged in a couple of telephone 
conversations with Steve Hoge and Stephane Bancef of Moderna. Steve and Stephane said that 
the actual inventorship was solely Moderna and that although the NIH had rights to the patent 
and licensing of the S2P immunogen, Moderna claimed that the actual “inventorship” was theirs. 
This is critical since even though we would get a considerable amount of royalty from this 
technicality and even though we could be “co-owners” of the patent but not inventors of the 
patent this would still give Moderna complete control over who can or cannot use the  mRNA 
vaccine . This is particularly relevant if we try to get the vaccine produced for low and middle 
income countries at a very, very low price. And so, after many attempts at resolving the issue we 
were very surprised that Moderna unilaterally went out and filed the patent and specifically and 
explicitly excluded John, Barney, and Kizzy.  The entire academic community, when they found 
out about this, was totally taken aback. And so, just this week Francis made it clear in an 
interview with Reuters that we are going to bring Moderna to court and let the courts determined 
the outcome . See below. 
UPDATE 1-Moderna COVID-19 vaccine patent 
dispute headed to court, U.S. NIH head says
By Julie Steenhuysen
Science magazine has written a critical appraisal of NIH and it has really pissed off Francis 
Collins:
Editorial
Self-inflicted wounds
H. Holden Thorp 
Science • 11 Nov 2021 • Vol 374, Issue 6569 • p. 793 • DOI: 10.1126/science.abn1244
• 0eLetters
Nov. 12,2021 – GLOBAL – 251,266,207/5,070,244;   USA – 46,783,309/757,663
I gave an interview with Peter Baker today for the book that he is writing on president 
trump. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 920 ---
PRESS: NYTimes/The Daily: An Interview with Anthony Fauci https://nyti.ms/3ohAA22 ; 
STAT Summit Interview with Helen Branswell; Sirius XM “Doctor Radio” with Marc 
Siegel; NBC Nightly News with Tom Costello;
Nov. 13, 2021- Global – 251,788,329/5,077,907;  USA – 46,910,412/759,552
I had an important TV interview with Ted Koppel to be aired on CBS tomorrow (see 
below).  The main gist of the interview was the attacks on me from the radical far-right. 
However, Ted did bring up an issue that Hugh Hewitt brought up in a different context (see 
above). Ted asked me (and he is a good friend) whether or not I realized that I was speaking to 
the converted and the 50% of people who love me are already doing what I want them to do and 
the 30% who hate me will never do what I say no matter what and so have I ever considered 
pulling out of being a public spokesperson and just focus on my job as the director of NIAID. He 
originally asked whether I should “step down” because I had to remind him that I do have a very 
important job that has nothing to do with speaking to the press. When he understood that, he 
corrected himself and said why not just pull back from interviews since I'm wasting my time. I 
pointed out to him that there are still people who are on the fence whom I can convince and since 
I am such a valued spokesperson and a good communicator that the President and the 
Administration want very much for me to be out there. He got that and agreed, but it is 
interesting that he even brought it up.  
I have been including Larry Corey in one of the three weekly division director meetings 
because in my opinion he is one of the most brilliant clinical trialists in the country if not the 
world. However there is some growing tension that the division directors, particularly Emily 
Erbelding and Carl Dieffenbach resent Larry being there since they feel he is giving himself an 
unfair advantage inventing his ideas in front of me and putting them in a position that they have 
to agree since everybody knows that he is a very close personal friend of mine. And so, at the 
last meeting they spoke to me about asking Larry not to take part in the division director 
meetings anymore since this in their mind is a conflict of interest. They do have a point but I 
believe that they do not fully appreciate how much value added he is. And so tonight I had to call 
Larry and tell him that he can continue to very frequently consult with me with his ideas but that 
he cannot attend the division director meetings by zoom anymore unless invited for a specific ad 
hoc issue. He was disappointed, and vented a bit about their lack of creativity , but he understood 
and will stand down on this. I will continue to use him frequently as an advisor. 
PRESS:  Interview with Ted Koppel for CBS “Sunday Morning” to air tomorrow (Sunday)
Nov. 14, 2021
The interview with Ted Koppel went extremely well and I got more emails and texts than ever 
saying how impressed people were with it. The tone of the interview was interesting in that he 
allowed me to talk about the divisiveness in the country and he even brought it up in a good 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 921 ---
context the fact that many people don't believe me anymore and even want me to resign. He 
asked my opinion about that and I was very firm in saying that I focus on my job and that I did 
not create the divisiveness in the country and certainly if people keep lying about me and 
distorting the truth in egregious ways, of course some people are going to believe that and some 
people are not going to like me but that's not what I'm all about. I'm all about doing my job and 
I'm not going anywhere until COVID-19 is in the rearview mirror.
It is also interesting that with other things in the news including the contempt of Congress 
charges against Steve Bannon with other charges soon coming against mark meadows, the 
attention on me has lessened. Perhaps this is a temporary low but it certainly is noticeable.   
Nov. 15, 2021 – Global    USA
Went down to the White House today to participate with secretary Becerra - In a Health 
Summit for Indian Nation.I gave a brief overview of the outbreak and the importance of getting 
booster vaccinations and secretary Becerra and I answered a bunch of questions from different 
tribal leaders. Well down there I ran into Susan Rice who gave me a big hug as usual as well as 
Merrick Garland with whom I had a nice chat. He joked and said you've got to save us from this 
outbreak and I joked back and said you've got to save us from the crazies who are out there. He 
shook his head in affirmation and said he's trying. 
Over the weekend I had been back and forth on the phone with Larry Horowitz as well as 
Jeff Zientz. The issue at hand is that many of the states including Colorado, California, New 
Mexico, and soon Minnesota as well as a number of countries such as Canada Israel Germany 
France and others are all recommending that everyone 18 years of age and older get their third 
booster shot of an M RNA vaccine. The FDA is collecting the data from Pfizer to make the 
authorization through an EU A for that age group. We are hoping that the CDC does not hesitate 
no matter what the ACIP says and goes ahead and shows leadership to get everyone a booster 
shot. The reason why this is important , despite the fact that there was concern about myocarditis 
in younger men, is because the message of who should get boosted is ambiguous and even 
people who should be getting boosted are hesitant to do so because they are not sure whether 
they qualify for a boost. If you just say across the board that everybody who's received a primary 
vaccination should get boosted within six months, then there is clarity about the fact that 
everyone should get vaccinated. I have been respectful of the CDC and the process that they go 
through , but over the last couple of days I have been very explicit saying that in my professional 
opinion I feel that everyone should get vaccinated.  
Got a call from Ari Emanuel today - He told me that he will be coming to Washington DC in 
the next month and wants to come over the house for dinner to explain to me how naive I am and 
not fully appreciating just how much money I can get from book deals films and speeches. Ari 
has been calling me about once every several weeks to just check in on me and see how I am 
doing and to maintain the connection. He is very obviously hot to be my agent when I step down 
from the United States government. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 922 ---
PRESS: WTOP Radio with Gigi; Business Insider with Hillary Brueck (Print); CNBC with 
Shepherd Smith
Nov. 16, 2021 – Global  - 253,163,330/5,098,174; USA – 47,145,861/761,426
Michael Hiltzik of the LA Times - Has written another insightful review of the profound 
weaknesses of the lab leak theory. He exposes Alina Chan of the Broad Institute as someone 
leaning towards the conspiracy theory who has written a book providing no evidence whatsoever 
other than conjecture about the lab leak theory (see below). 
Discussion with Jeff and the medical team today. - Although the cases are starting to surge up 
in more than 30 states, we have to start preparing for what level of acceptance of infection in the 
community we are willing to live with. I have been explaining on TV/Radio shows the multiple 
phases of outbreaks from pandemic phase, to deceleration phase, to control, to elimination , to 
eradication. We have only eradicated one infection and that is smallpox. We have eliminated 
infections from the United states such as polio, malaria, and measles. What we have looking 
forward is “control “. However, there are multiple levels within the bracket of control and we 
should not accept control at a level of 70 to 80,000 cases per day. We must get it down much, 
much lower . In my mind that is considerably lower than 10,000 cases per day. Importantly, the 
number of hospitalizations should also figure into that calculation since as I have been discussing 
with David Morens and Jeff Taubenberger, systemic vaccination (subcut). Subcutaneous 
vaccination does not give mucosal immunity very well except when you have very high levels of 
antibody. When anybody levels fall below certain level one is acceptable to infection . However , 
B cell memory and T cell memory very often protect against pulmonary infection. And so we 
can expect that there will be a time as we boost people that we continue to get mild infections 
such as with the common cold but very few people wind up getting very sick requiring 
hospitalization. Jeff and David also pointed out that for those vaccines that are required from the 
respiratory move and do not result in viraemia we do not have good vaccinations to prevent 
infection although we do have vaccinations that prevent the progression two serious disease. I 
refer to influenza, parainfluenza , respiratory syncytial virus, and metapneumovirus. However, 
viruses such as measles, smallpox, and other viruses that result in viraemia and systemic 
involvement with virus give lifelong immunity after infection as well as after vaccination. These 
are important considerations that very few people fully appreciate. 
PRESS: Reuters TV with Julie Steenhuysen; NBC News Medical Unit - TV with Ashkay 
Syal; 
These authors wanted to push the COVID-19 
lab-leak theory. Instead they exposed its 
weaknesses 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 923 ---
By Michael Hiltzik Business Columnist  
Nov. 15, 2021 6 AM PT 
On the Shelf
By Alina Chan and Matt Ridley
Nov. 17, 2021 – Global  -253,640,693/5,104,899;    USA – 47,244,379/762,994
I went to a book party last night for Jonathan Karl’s new book about Trump.  It took place 
at the Cafe Milano. The place was incredibly crowded and I was almost forced to take my mask 
off for 2/3 of the time I was there since they were serving drinks and people were talking and 
taking selfies. I was totally swamped all night by people wanting to say hello, shake my hands, 
and take pictures with me. I could not get away from it . Although some people may think that 
this is great to have people treat you like Elvis Presley , but it was really very unnerving. Jon was 
very gracious to me being very excited about my meeting his family . We took hundreds of 
pictures with each member of his family, as well as one big family photo. It turns out that his 
father-in-law grew up in Bensonhurst and knew about my father's pharmacy on 13th Ave. The 
book party event was punctuated by doctor Bill Hughes whom I know for years and who is 
married to Ann Compton getting a vaso-vagal attack and I tended to him at the bar. We called an 
ambulance, but Ann took him home after we documented that he was stable. When I went home 
that night I was nervous all night looking at the ceiling concerned about having gotten infected in 
that very crowded restaurant despite the fact that vaccination proof was required to get in. I'm 
well aware that many people who are vaccinated are still getting infected and that worried me a 
lot. I'm supposed to go to an even bigger black tie affair at the home of the French ambassador 
tomorrow. I think I am going to cancel out since I don't want to go through the nerve-wracking 
experience that I did last night worrying about having gotten infected.   
Of note, there are more than one congressional bills that have been proposed with my name 
on it . One is the “Fires Fauci Act” which was written by Marjorie Taylor Greene. Another bill 
floating in the Senate (proposed by Senator Joni Ernst) is forbidding gain of function research 
and that bill is called the “Fauci Act”
PRESS: NBC Now TV with Hallie Jackson;
Did an interview with Margaret Brennan today to be shown two weeks from now on Face the Nation. 
Curiously she spent most of the time asking me to justify the many “mistakes “that have been made by 
the CDC during this outbreak both during the trump administration and the Biden administration. I was 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 924 ---
trying to defend the CDC to the best of my ability, but this was not easy since in many respects she was 
right. I try to steer the conversation so with discussion of what I am responsible for namely the 
development of vaccines and therapeutics. She responded by saying I am “America's doctor “and so I 
should have to answer these things . She was not being mean since Margaret is tough but she's a very 
fair and good person. 
Nov. 18, 2021    Global   USA
Call from Jeff Zients today with a message from Ron Klain – It is noteworthy that in prior 
demonstrations it was always a concern when you give a message about a public health issue that 
the administration is always afraid get the public to concern we're not concerned enough to be 
incompatible with the message that they're trying to get. This was brought to the far extreme 
trump administration in fact the message was completely garbled and riddled with allies from the 
president , which I had to rectify. However, I was a bit surprised when I got a phone call from 
Jeff saying that Ron thought I was doing a terrific job with the messaging but he was a little 
concerned that I might be saying that we might have a tough time this winter pressing message. 
However I was being perfectly truthful since in fact we are seeing the beginning of a surge and 
when you look at what I said I was actually quite certain spectrum said that we can do something 
about preventing surge and you just pull up to us if we want to blunt but could be an inevitable 
surge of people continue to not getting vaccinate just the thought that there is some contact 
commonality among all the ministrations but messages even the terrific ones like we're dealing 
with now. 
Phone call with Sen. Roger Wicker (R-MS) – Roger wanted information regarding global 
COVID since he is going to a conference in Halifax about global response to COVID.   He asked 
good questions and then he asked about GOF and I explained the entire situation to him.   He 
seemed not hostile and understanding.   Clearly, not all GOPs are jerks.
Interesting article in Axios that goes along with my saying that we did not know that masks 
work until later on.   This article came out today!!! – 
Mask-wearing reduces COVID incidence by 
53%, study shows
PRESS:  Interview with Carl Zimmer of New York Times an the antiviral program for 
COVID and other viral families; NPR “Morning Edition”/All Things Considered” with 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 925 ---
Alison Aubrey; Russ Parr Morning Show (Radio); The Laura Coates Show (Radio); The 
Ryan Cameron Show (Radio Atlanta); MSNBC Peacock – Mehdi Hassan;
Nov. 19, 2021 – Global – 255,324,963/5,127,696;   USA – 47,587,441/770,461
PRESS: Fantastic article in the Washington Post online today by Yasmeen Abutaleb the 
bunking in an incredibly efficient manner the false claims against me by the right wing 
motivated White Coat Waste project regarding the Beagle experiments :
https://www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/2021/11/19/fauci-beagle-white-coat-waste/
Investigations
Fauci’s office flooded with attacks over 
beagle experiments
Covid chief’s phone line rings 3,600 times in 36 hours after 
campaign by little-known animal rights group
New York Times article about my advocating boosters:
F.D.A. Authorizes Coronavirus Booster Shots 
for All Adults
If the C.D.C. agrees, adults who received a second shot of the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine at least six 
months ago could be eligible by this weekend.
By Sharon LaFraniere and Noah Weiland
Nov. 19, 2021, 8:31 a.m. ET
WASHINGTON — The Food and Drug Administration on Friday authorized booster shots of both the 
Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna vaccines for everyone 18 and older, opening up eligibility to tens of 
millions more fully vaccinated adults.
Moderna and Pfizer both 
announced that regulators had broadened the authorization for their booster 
shots. 
The move simplifies eligibility, fulfills a pledge by President Biden to offer the shots to every American 
adult and formally allows a practice already in place in at least 10 states. Fearful that waning protection 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 926 ---
and the onset of winter will set off a wave of breakthrough infections, a growing number of governors 
had already offered boosters to everyone 18 and older ahead of the holidays.
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the federal government’s top infectious disease expert, has argued relentlessly 
over the past month for booster shots for all adults, a position shared by most of Mr. Biden’s other 
health advisers. Dr. Fauci has said that a dip in antibody levels in fully vaccinated people was a clear sign 
that booster shots were needed. Public health experts who argue that healthy younger adults do not 
need them, he has said, are ignoring the risks of symptomatic Covid-19.
“Enough is enough. Let’s get moving on here,” he said at an event Wednesday night. “We know what 
the data are.”
Politico “Playbook:
• Mask on, mask off. That as the name of the game for ANTHONY FAUCI at JONATHAN KARL’s 
book party Tuesday night at Café Milano. As gawkers tried to snap pictures of him indoors not 
wearing a mask, America’s doc would put it on and take it off depending on whom he was 
around. SALLY QUINN — who’s known Fauci since his days as a young NIH doctor, when he 
inspired a love interest in one of her erotic novels — asked him why he was at a party with a 
mask in hand, not on face. “I said, ‘You seem pretty ambivalent about your mask’ because no 
one else was wearing one,” Quinn told Playbook. “He said, ‘I just decided that if anyone came up 
that I didn’t know, I would put my mask on.’” 
Quinn added that “paparazzi” were surrounding Fauci trying to get that “gotcha moment” of 
the Covid czar without a mask on. Guests had to show proof of vaccination to enter the party. 
“He was being safe,” Quinn said in his defense. “He knew everyone was vaccinated. If it was 
someone we knew, he would trust them, and if it was somebody else, he didn’t.” Another guest 
observed Fauci’s mask on/mask off dance, but said that the mask was firmly on when he came 
to the rescue of a guest who had collapsed. We reached out to Fauci via NIH but didn’t hear 
back Thursday night.
NY Times:
Dr. Anthony Fauci has become “a very, very relentless advocate” for boosters, The 
Times’s Sharon LaFraniere, who covers the federal government’s response to the 
pandemic, told us. “He keeps pointing out that the data is getting stronger.”
Nov. 20, 2021 – Global  - 254,847,065/5,120,712;  USA – 47,471,270/768,619
On both of these TV shows we discussed the authorization of boosters for everyone over 18 
years of age and the EUA for Pfizer for 5 to 11 yrs old and what we have to look forward to for 
the Holidays (see below).  The major conversation topic over the last several days has been the 
recent approval (finally) by the FDA and recommendation by the CDC to give booster shots to 
people 18 years of age or older. However the CDC continues to abide by there ACIP 
recommendations which confused the issue some what by talking about different categories that 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 927 ---
either “should” or “may” be vaccinated with the booster shot. I clarified unambiguously on TV 
that we should not let that confuse us and that everybody should go ahead and get a booster shot 
if they have had get full vaccination. I also made it very clear that although the cases very well 
may surge in the upcoming cold months that the people who are vaccinated and preferably 
boosted can enjoy a comfortable safe holiday with their family indoors without wearing masks. I 
was very explicit about that because every time I even hint that people need to be careful over 
the holidays the far right radical idiots take things out of context and have a field day.  
There is some buzz around regarding the Justice Department moving against not only 
Steve Bannon , but also Mark Meadows, and Peter Navarro. The reason for the subpoenas or 
that they refuse to abide by the house subpoena to appear before the committee. Peter Navarro 
continues to claim that I am responsible for causing the death of over 4 million people worldwide 
because I created COVID-19 
More and more papers are appearing in the medical literature making it very clear that the 
outbreak was almost certainly a natural occurrence and not a lab leak. The most recent 
paper was one by Michael Worobey that appeared in Science 3 days ago:
https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.abm4454 
Also, commentaries by Eddie Holmes (Australia) and others are nailing down the natural 
origins story.   Yet, the 3 stooges (Richard Ebright, David Relman, and Jesse Bloom) are still 
pushing the lab-leak hypothesis literally based on absolutely no solid evidence, but only 
conjecture 
Nov. 21, 2021 – Global   USA
Mike Osterholm and Eric Topol wrote an editorial in the New York Times sharply 
criticizing the CDC and the ACIP for not giving a clear message that everyone over 18 
years old should get a boost. This is something that I have also felt strongly about in that the 
ACIP is being very rigid and overly careful and give a confusing message of who “should” get 
vaccinated versus “who” may get vaccinated. Mike called me up after that and told me that 
Rochelle called him and was very pissed off at him for writing the editorial; however, as much as 
I love her, Mike and Eric were correct.  The editorial got Jeff concerned since it did point out the 
reality of the problem with the CDC, but it also reflects poorly on the federal government 
responds . Jeff was extremely pleased as was Ben Wakana about the strong response that I gave 
on the TV shows today ; however, Jeff wanted me to call Mike and ask him to tone down the 
criticism since it reflects badly on the USG response. I gave Mike a call and we discussed the 
situation and ne promised to make sure going forward that he separates the CDC response from 
the total government and Tony Fauci response. I don't know what I can do to get the CDC and 
particularly Rochelle to move away from that overly careful, slow, rigid approach that the CDC 
and the ACIP had been taking for so long; it leads to nothing but confusion. On the Sunday 
shows today I was very clear that we should not worry about “should” or “may” and that 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 928 ---
everybody who is 18 years of age or older whose been vaccinated absolutely should get a 
booster. Another example of the real problem we have with the CDC and its current mindset. I 
should make sure that I spend considerable time on this in the book. 
PRESS: CNN “State of the Union” with Dana Bash; ABC “This Week” with Martha 
Raddatz; Yasmeen Abutaleb and Beth Reinhard’s Article in the Washington Post calling 
out the lies about me regarding the Beagle experiments came out in the print form today , 
front page Sunday. This was online a couple of days ago. 
Nov. 22, 2021 – Global   USA
I had another very helpful conversation with my UK counterpart Chris Whitty discussing 
the upcoming challenges of the winter in the UK versus the USA. They are seeing a surge of 
cases similar to what we're seeing and they're seeing it even among vaccinated people 
underscores even more strongly need to boost everybody since boosters clearly protect better just 
the two doses. 
Got a call from Kathy Hochul – Governor of New York - She was asking for some help and 
support in her upcoming decision of reinstituting the indoor mask mandate for the state of New 
York. She wants to exclude New York City from this mandate since they are doing a good job of 
keeping their infections down. However, since the rest of the state is surging, she wants to make 
sure that she doesn't let the surge get even greater. I supported her and told her that that was the 
right thing to do and that she should distinguish New York City from the rest of the state even 
though it is likely that this is going to get a lot of Flack. 
PRESS:  NPR “Morning Edition” with Steve Inskeep; MSNBC “Morning Joe”; CBS 
Mornings with Gayle King; Print interview with Alice Park of Time Magazine; ABC 
Australia TV – News Breakfast;
Nov. 23, 2021 -  Global – 256,966,237/5,151,643;  USA – 47,813,785/772,180
I continue to do the Governor's calls as well as the Principal’s calls once a week. I do not 
comment on them regularly but each time Jeff asks me and Rochelle to give an update on the 
epidemiology and the latest science . For example, today I briefed the governors and the 
principals on the science behind the necessity for an the efficacy of boosters. 
Dr. Markey is trying to help us get money for the development of a universal coronavirus 
vaccine.   See his letter:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 929 ---
(11.23.21) NIAID 
Update on Universa     
Important interview with Ari Melber on MSNBC tonight where I hit back at criticisms by 
the far right particularly Ticker Carlson and Peter Navarro.   It is a must to listen to:
https://bit.ly/32j3EPg 
https://www.msnbc.com/the-beat-with-ari/watch/dr-fauci-tucker-carlson-s-personal-attacks-
are-a-badge-of-honor-127012421649
 
PRESS: BBC World News TV; WBAL Baltimore Local TV; MSNBC “The Beat” with Ari 
Melber;
Nov. 24, 2021 – GLOBAL – 257,469,528/5,158,211;  USA – 47,916,623/773,779
Very gratifying public response to the Yasmeen article in the Washington Post:
https://www.washingtonpost.com/comments?storyUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.washingtonpost.com%2
Finvestigations%2F2021%2F11%2F19%2Ffauci-beagle-white-coat-waste%2F
Jeff just called me and told me that he wants me to brief the President in the Oval Office on 
Monday from 4:00 to 5:00 PM on what we need to do looking forward but the pandemic. 
He wants it to be only me representing the Medical Group because he feels I had a degree of 
precise clarity. Tomorrow is Thanksgiving and I have been doing a lot of press in the usual 
situation of having to predict and advise people of how to handle their safety during the traveling 
period of the coming holidays.
Mike Osterholm and Eric Topol wrote a scathing article in the WashPost criticizing the CDC for 
not giving a clear message on boosters: 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2021/11/24/cdc-got-it-wrong-it-should-have-urged-
all-adults-get-covid-19-booster-shots/
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 930 ---
Over 250,000 Black and Latino Churches 
Express Full Confidence in Dr. Fauci's 
Leadership and Medical Advice
News Provided By
National Black Church Initiative 
November 22, 2021, 20:24 GMT 
Based on COVID-19 data, Dr. Fauci has provided the world with sound advice on preventing the virus 
from spreading, identified the importance of vaccinations, and advised on executing a plan for 
distributing COVID-19 vaccines. NBCI, along with Conversation's Newsletter (December 2020), agrees 
that Dr. Fauci was well-positioned to be the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. His preparedness stems 
from following from his possession of the following qualities:
* Intelligence – He is brilliant and knowledgeable, with a background in science and humanities.
* Integrity – He has said that he has a personal responsibility to make a positive impact on society.
* Empathy – He has concern for others' well-being.
* Flexibility – He can redirect his work as needed.
* Energy – He has several meetings throughout the day that he attends and responds to emails daily.
* Trustworthiness – He is credible through his research and publication.
* Connections – He has been the adviser to seven U.S. presidents where his work has been covered by 
science reporters since the 1980s.
* Communication – He is a clear communicator and listens before speaking.
* Recognizability- He has a distinct name, voice, and look.
* Team Building – He shares the importance of doing things as a team and being a part of a team.
PRESS: PRI Radio – “The World”; Philadelphia Radio “Reality Check” with Charles 
Ellison; Univision TV with Andrea Linares; “The Grio” Online TV with April Ryan; CNN 
“AC360” with John Berman
Nov. 25, 2021 (Thanksgiving Day) Global   USA
The New York Times had a Thanksgiving day write-up on A summary of where we are with 
COVID-19 in the context of an interview with me. The last question they asked was what I was 
thankful for at Thanksgiving. My response is given below: 
Adam: Last year we asked you what you’re thankful for, you very sweetly talked about your wife. 
What in the last 12 months are you thankful for — personally, professionally, or both?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 931 ---
Fauci: Well, I’ll give you one of each. I’m professionally thankful that we successfully did something that 
was unprecedented in the history of vaccinology. And that is, we went from the sequence of a virus to a 
vaccine that was highly effective and safe. And we’ve been able to vaccinate a substantial proportion, 
although not as much as I would want, but a substantial proportion of the of the population. That’s 
professional.
Personally, it’s the same thing. It’s no secret that I have been clearly targeted by rather radical elements 
who just keep attacking me every day, all day — Fox News, Breitbart — all those other crazies. And what 
I’m thankful for is what I said last year, that I have an incredible partner who is really amazing in her 
understanding of me and just keeps me grounded in reality when you have hand grenades being thrown 
at you every day. To have somebody that reminds you that what you’re doing is absolutely important for 
the health and the safety of the country, so don’t pay any attention to all that nonsense. That’s what I’m 
thankful for
Major Serious Issue with new South African Variant!!  - It is Thanksgiving Day and 
something has come up today that is very serious. I got an email from Jeff Zients who forwrsded 
an email from Stephane Bancel.  Stephane was alerting Jeff to the fact that he had heard that 
there was a new variant in South Africa called B.1.1.529. See below:
25Nov2021 SGTF 
sequence report - N
One of the problems is that the mutations that have accumulated which are now greater than 30 
on the Spike protein including 10 mutations at the RBD would predict an escape from immune 
protection . In addition, the variant in RSA has rapidly gone from a couple of percent to double 
digits. Clearly, it is highly transmissible and has been demonstrated in people who have 
recovered from the Delta variant. This is very disconcerting since besides its transmissibility, this 
suggests that is eluding immune protection. I engaged in a bunch of phone calls with Larry 
Corey and John Mascola and multiple calls with Jeff Zients. I tried repeatedly to contact 
Rochelle Walenski, but she is not answering texts, emails or telephone calls. However, it turns 
out that there is a glitch in my connection to her text and my texts keep getting sent to an e-mail 
address.   We will fix this.   I finally go to her later in the evening.  Larry Corey has arranged a 
zoom for 10:30 AM tomorrow with our South African colleagues including Glenda Gray, Penny 
Moore and Tulio de Oliveira who is the evolutionary biologist from South Africa. Of particular 
note, as I was scrambling around to contact people, the UK announced that they are banning 
flights not only from South Africa but also from Namibia , Lesotho , Botswana , Eswatini, and 
Zimbabwe. In addition, they are going to require PCR tests for all arrivals into the UK. Israel has 
also now announced it will ban its citizens from traveling to southern Africa covering the same 
countries as well as Mozambique. Again, with multiple phone calls with Jeff , we decided to wait 
until tomorrow morning when we will have contact with the South Africans to get a clear review 
of what is going on. When I finally connected with Rochelle later in the evening, it was clear that 
she really didn't have any idea what was going on. I am really surprised by this since the CDC 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 932 ---
should be all over these types of leads. In addition, when I began to probe it is clear that this 
issue had been circulating for a couple of days, and amazingly on the calls with the White House 
medical team Rochelle and the CDC never brought it up. This is really strange since I would 
imagine that with their global connections they would have been all over this. I have arranged to 
have both Rochelle and Francis Collins join the zoom call that Larry Corey set up for us to 
engage with the South Africans.  Just heard tonight that the WHO has called a special meeting to 
address the issue:
First meeting of Scientific Advisory Group for the Origins of Novel Pathogens 
(SAGO)
https://www.who.int/news/item/24-11-2021-first-meeting-of-scientific-
advisory-group-for-the-origins-of-novel-pathogens-(sago)
WHO Director-General's opening remarks at the First meeting of the WHO 
Scientific Advisory Group for the Origins of Novel Pathogens (SAGO)
https://www.who.int/director-general/speeches/detail/who-director-general-
s-opening-remarks-at-the-first-meeting-of-the-who-scientific-advisory-group-
for-the-origins-of-novel-pathogens-(sago)
WHO calls special meeting to discuss new Covid variant found in South Africa 
with ‘a large number of mutations’
https://www.cnbc.com/2021/11/25/who-calls-special-meeting-to-discuss-
new-covid-variant-from-south-africa-with-large-number-of-
mutations.html?fbclid=IwAR1VKOrWxAWjeHqVzJH0KLpPgPBRhEH lWZU
KrN4bol3qFcrLgLYOjrO5aI
Covid: New heavily mutated variant B.1.1.529 in South Africa raises concern
https://www.bbc.com/news/health-59418127
New variant displaying a ‘big jump in evolution’ detected in South Africa.
https://www.nytimes.com/2021/11/25/world/variant-south-africa-covid.html
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 933 ---
More later.    I sent an email to Rochelle telling her that she better be prepared to move 
quickly with her team no later than tomorrow if in fact we decide that we are going to shut 
down travel from southern Africa. I tried to give her the benefit from my prior experience with 
shutting down from China as well as from the European states. She did not seem to be on top of 
things, and so I gave her a real strong briefing about the fact that she is going to have to move 
and move boldly. 
Nov. 26, 2021 – GLOBAL   USA
All set for Zoom with RSA folks this AM.  Story starting to break as the South African 
public health people had a meeting and discussed all the details of the increase in cases that 
apparently are spreading rapidly throughout South Africa. 
25Nov2021 SGTF 
sequence report - N
Not sure about the evasion of vaccines , but the situation is certainly heating up . Will 
discuss whether or not we're going to restrict travel from South Africa later today at a 12 
noon call with Jeff. 
Email from Cyrus Shahpar on 11/26/2021:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 934 ---
Deputy Health Minister in UK gave statement to Parliament about why they are 
prohibiting travel fro RSA and other African countries:
Oral Statement on B.1.1.529 variant 
The Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has given a statement to Parliament on a new variant 
under investigation and action government is taking. 
From:
Department of Health and Social Care and The Rt Hon Sajid Javid MP 
Published
26 November 2021
Delivered on: 
26 November 2021
Email from Elodie Ghedin   on her briefing by the South Africans:
Ghedin, Elodie (NIH/NIAID) [E] <elodie.ghedin@nih.gov> 
Sent: Friday, November 26, 2021 8:57 AM
To: Collins, Francis (NIH/OD) [E] <collinsf@od.nih.gov>
Cc: Tabak, Lawrence (NIH/OD) [E] <lawrence.tabak@nih.gov>; Menetski, Joseph (FNIH) [T] 
<jmenetski@fnih.org>; Wholley, David (FNIH) [T] <dwholley@fnih.org>; Holland, Steven (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<sholland@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: Re: New variant
Good morning-
We had an ad hoc/emergency meeting of the WHO Technical Advisory Group on Variant Emergence 
(TAG-VE) this morning with a presentation from South African scientists.
We were asked to not report our discussion until the WHO puts out a statement later today so the 
report below is confidential.
Here is the low-down:
• S.A. had gotten to a stage of very low infection rate so that they noticed this new variant—
B.1.1.529—because of its very rapid increase in cases; the rate of infection is higher than 
expected. (as background, seroprevalence in S.A. was at 80-85% so that the low infection rate 
they were seeing with Delta was likely due to the fact the virus ran out of susceptibles; 
vaccination rate is at 30%).
• The first evidence was an increase in positive cases associated with S gene target failure (drop 
out) in the qPCR assay; Sequencing of those early samples in Gauteng showed new mutation 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 935 ---
patterns. While whole genome sequencing is still just ramping up (they have 77 genomes from 
Gauteng and will have 100 new ones by the end of the day), they do see the same S-gene drop-
out pattern in many other provinces; so far this pattern is 100% associated with the new lineage 
so they suspect it will be the case for these samples in other provinces. In summary: this is not a 
unique outbreak cluster in Gauteng. 
• Cases are starting to pop up in other countries, but numbers are still low. We suspect they will 
increase quickly. 
• Mutations: 10 in the receptor binding motif, many are similar to mutations observed in other 
lineages but also new ones. High number of mutations – 
• multiple in the RBD and NTD that are usually associated with resistance to neutralizing 
antibodies
• Cluster of mutations (H655Y + N679K + P681H) adjacent to the furin cleavage site – 
usually associated with more efficient cell entry
• NSP6 deletion (105-107) - convergent evolution as has been observed in Alpha, Beta, 
Gamma and Lambda - could be associated with evasion of innate immunity, possibly 
increased transmissibility
• Mutations in the N gene - R203K and G204R (also seen in other lineages) that are 
associated with increased transmissibility
So mutation profile is predicted to be associated with significant immune evasion and enhanced 
transmissibility, but no experimental evidence yet and epi data is still sparse.
It clearly has a different mutation profile than other circulating VOC/VOI but full significance is 
not yet clear.
• One big question is how this highly mutated virus emerged. There are signs of possible 
recombination at around nt 20,000. One of the spike mutations (N679K) is rare and also 
observed in C.1.2; a lot of convergent mutations observed. One hypothesis is that because of 
S.A.’s high rate of HIV/low CD4, this virus could have developed in immune suppression with a 
recombination event.
• No evidence yet for different clinical presentation; age distribution tracks young so far but that's 
because the first outbreak was at a university, but it is also the age group that is most mobile 
and not vaccinated.
• Most are symptomatic but severity is still being established.
We are planning another meeting Monday. Will let you know if I have anything new to report.
Best,
Elodie 
Briefing with RSA colleagues: Glenda Gray, Tulio de Oliveira and others -Clearly we have a 
serious situation in South Africa. The virus is spreading rapidly in virtually all the provinces with 
a concentration in Gauteng province which is where Johannesburg and Pretoria are located.  
Reports now in multiple countries almost all related to travel from RSA.  infections in RSA seen 
in people who have recovered from delta as well as breakthrough infections in those who have 
been vaccinated with the Pfizer product. What is unclear is what the severity of the infections are 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 936 ---
, and this is a moving target that Glenda Gray and Tulio said they would keep us informed on as 
soon as they get real data. Multiple countries in Europe and elsewhere are blocking travel from 
RSA and neighboring countries.  I briefed Jeff about this immediately after the 10:30 AM zoom 
with the South Africans. Jeff wants me to brief the POTUS immanently. The president is 
spending the Thanksgiving holiday with his family in Nantucket.  
Conference call with President Biden: Jeff arranged for me to brief the president on a 
conference call that included Jake Sullivan (NSC), Natalie Quillian, Ron Klain and Jeff. I 
described the medical and public health situation to the President and Natalie and Ron discussed 
the issue of blocking travel from RSA and neighboring countries. I explained to the President 
that this is all the more reason to get people vaccinated and boosted. The president will make a 
public announcement soon, likely this afternoon, that he has spoken with me and that the 
decision has been made about the travel restriction.  Announcement about travel restrictions went 
out at 2:00 PM today. 212F is the authorization for restrictions  
Slides on mutations:
Incredibly busy Thanksgiving Day. We had zoom calls with the Pfizer group led by Mikael 
Dolsten to scope out what their plan is regarding scaling up boosters against prototype as 
well as the advisability or not of developing Omicron-specific boosters.  Also met with the 
Moderna people for similar discussions.  
Clearly, the virus is spreading widely with five cases in Israel all of which were picked up 
by screening at the airport. E-mail from Danny Douek:
Dear Tony,
I have been on the phone with the Israelis this morning.
They have identified 3-5 cases of B.1.1.529
One case was AZ x2. Symptomatic.
Another was Pfizer x3. Asymptomatic.
All identified on screening on entry at the airport.
1 case from Malawi, 1 from Jordan, 1 from Egypt via Belgium.
PRESS:   CNN “New Day” with Brianna Keilar (she was rude and asked questions about 
Brett Giroir out of context); Interviews with Sheryl Stolberg – NY Times; Kaitlan Collins – 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 937 ---
CNN; NBC “Evening News” with Lester Holt
Bloomberg:
U.S. Needs Data on 
Variant Before Limiting 
Any Flights, Fauci Says
By Kathleen Hunter
November 26, 2021, 8:17 AM EST
Nov. 27, 2021 – GLOBAL   USA
Conversation with Jerome (Jay) Powell, Chair of the US Federal Reserve.  Bob Grady texted 
me this morning to connect me with Jay Powell who wanted to talk to me about the implications 
of the new variant on the economy since he was in the process with the Federal Reserve of 
making trillions of dollars in loans to other countries. He wanted to hear from me first-hand 
about what my projections for the outbreak would be. He will be testifying before Congress this 
coming week and we agreed that I would keep him posted as to any additional information that 
comes out. I briefed him thoroughly and what we know up to this point. 
PRESS: NBC “Today” with Kristen Welker and Peter Alexander;
Nov. 28, 2021 (Sunday)    Global     USA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 938 ---
Very Important Day!! - An extraordinary amount has been going on over the last 24 to 48 
hours. It is very clear that with the Omicorn variant is rapidly spreading from the epicenter in 
South Africa with mostly travel-related cases to a number of countries at this point including 
Botswana, the Netherlands, England, Hong Kong, Australia, Italy, Israel, Belgium, Czech 
Republic, and several other countries. This is unquestionably a highly transmissible virus. We 
had a very productive zoom call at 12 noon Washington DC time with our South African 
colleagues once again. The main players among the South Africans were Tulio de Oliveira, 
Glenda Gray, and Carolyn Williamson. The have been extraordinarily transparent and helpfu 
giving us data in real time.   It is a shame that we had to block travel from RSA.   However, we 
would have gotten killed by the press if we did not as we are now getting killed for having done 
it.  I expressed my deep gratitude to them for their help.  The South Africans gave us a really 
good feel about the fact that there are things that we know and things that we don't know at this 
point. The combination of the many mutations in the spike protein together with the fact that 
they are seeing spikes in infection among people who have recovered from delta as well as those 
who have been vaccinated. The critical question is how severe is this disease that likely will 
result from this new infection. 
Immediately after the briefing with the South Africans, Jeff wanted me to come to the White 
House to help prepare the speech that the President will be making tomorrow about Omicorn. I 
spent a considerable amount of time in Jeff's office together with Natalie working on the 
presentation that I would be giving to the President this evening as well as the content of his 
upcoming speech tomorrow. After we worked on the presentation and his speech, we went to the 
Oval Office at around 3:30 PM and sat around the Resolute Desk. Briefing the President were 
Ron Klain, Jon Fine, Natalie, and Jeff. I gave a full briefing to the President about what the 
situation was with the new variant. In addition, we all sat around and edited with him the speech 
that he will deliver tomorrow at a White House press conference. At the end of the briefing, Ron 
and Jeff strongly suggested and the President agreed that I should be at the press conference with 
him tomorrow morning at 11:00 AM to answer any of the scientifically related questions. The 
President was very much in favor of this. I was a little bit concerned because I did not want it to 
appear that we were pushing out the surgeon general (Vivek) and the CDC director (Rochelle). 
BTW, both of them were not in DC (Miami and Atlanta).  However, Jeff and Ron were very 
adamant that it be me alone since they did not want there to be any confusion about who would 
answer which question. One of the things that I noticed that was very clear is that the President 
appeared extremely tired and very muted and low key. I'm beginning to see that this is his 
style . However, when we got to the question and answer. He asked all the right questions. And 
so I can understand why his critics can often refer to him as “Sleepy Joe” when in fact he really 
is paying attention and is very measured in his responses. In addition, he speaks in a very low 
monotone which makes it appear almost that he is frail when he is not. 
After the briefing I rushed home and joined the Sunday night call with the COVID medical team 
led by Jeff. Tomorrow will be a big day. We are hearing a lot of pushback from people who are 
saying we should not have blocked travel from southern African countries. They fail to 
understand that we are not trying to completely prevent the influx of infection. Rather, we want 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 939 ---
to buy ourselves a little bit time usually measured in a couple of weeks to better prepared, 
understand better what is going on, and to get people vaccinated and boosted. However, as usual 
no matter what you do people are going to try and punch holes in it and give a reason why they 
think it is a mistake. I have gotten extremely used to this and understand that very well.  
See Below:
Readout of President Biden’s Meeting with 
COVID-
￿19 Response Team on the 
Omicron Variant 
November 28, 2021 • Statements and Releases 
Following up on the regular briefings he had on COVID while traveling, the President met in person 
today with his Chief Medical Advisor, Dr. Anthony Fauci, and members of his White House COVID 
Response Team. Dr. Fauci and members of the COVID Response Team updated the President on the 
latest developments related to the Omicron variant. Dr. Fauci informed the President that while it will 
take approximately two more weeks to have more definitive information on the transmissibility, 
severity, and other characteristics of the variant, he continues to believe that existing vaccines are likely 
to provide a degree of protection against severe cases of COVID. Dr. Fauci also reiterated that boosters 
for fully vaccinated individuals provide the strongest available protection from COVID. The COVID 
Response Team’s immediate recommendation to all vaccinated adults is to get a booster shot as soon as 
possible; all adults are eligible for a booster if they were vaccinated six months ago or more with Pfizer 
or Moderna, or two months ago or more with Johnson & Johnson. Importantly, those adults and 
children who are not yet fully vaccinated should get vaccinated immediately. The President will provide 
an update about the new variant and the U.S. response on Monday.
PRESS:  ABC “This Week” with George Stephanopoulos; NBC “Meet the Press” with 
Chuck Todd; CBS “Face the Nation” with Margaret Brennan – she played an extensive 
taped interview with me that is worth viewing since I pushed back on some of the nonsense 
that is going on.   I called out Rand Paul, Ted Cruz and the far right Republicans that have 
been slamming me.
Nov. 29, 2021 GLOBAL     USA
POTUS Press Briefing - I was called to the White House to help to prepare the President for the 
press briefing that he would give this morning at 11:45 AM. I got to the White House at 10:00 
AM and went over his speech with Jeff and Natalie and went over the Qs and As that the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 940 ---
President would need to prepare him. We then went to the Oval Office and directly briefed the 
President . In the Oval Office were Natalie, Jeff, Jake Sullivan, the vice president, Ron Klain, Jen 
Psaki, and a few others. We tweaked the Qa and As and helped him answer them in his own 
mind and then the President, the vice president, and I went out to the press briefing which took 
place in the Roosevelt Room. They only needed me to answer one of the questions that was 
asked of the President and that related to the travel restrictions on southern Africa and what we 
were doing right now to prevent people from other countries who might be infected with 
Omicron from coming into our own country. I explained that now anyone coming into the 
country who is not an American citizen needs to be vaccinated as well as having a test before 
they get on the plane whereas American citizens and LPRs need to be tested before they get on 
the plane and when they get off the plane they are quarantined voluntarily for seven days and 
must get a PCR test within three days. 
PRESS: ABC “Good Morning America” with George Stephanopoulos; CBS “Mornings” 
with Gayle King and Tony Dokoupil; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff; CNN “The 
Lead” with Jake Tapper; MSNBC “The Reid Out” with Joy Reid; Peacock TV with Mehdi 
Hassan
Nov. 30, 2021 -  Global   USA
There's been a lot of concern and discussion about the decision to block travel from 
southern Africa. The Africans are feeling like they're being punished as a result of their 
transparency in getting this information out quickly. I totally understand their concern and I do 
hope that this travel ban will be quite temporary. On the other hand in typical fashion the far 
right is now criticizing me together with President Biden for using the Omicron variant as 
a political tool against the Republicans. I have no idea how they make this connection, but 
they are totally crazy. In addition, I got criticized by the New York Post for being too slow in 
considering a travel restriction and therefore likely caused loss of life. Obviously, this is a lose 
lose situation. 
Had a very important conversation with Trevor Bedford last night. Trevor is a 
computational biologist in Seattle. He discussed some models for John Mascola, Larry Corey, 
and others by zoom at 8:00 PM last night. He is concerned about the immune evasion 
capabilities of this virus but admits that it is too early to tell what the ultimate impact will be. 
He believes that in a delta-immune population such as in the United States that it is very likely 
that this new variant will spread widely and be dominant by the time we get to the end of 
February. However, he underscores that this is purely an estimate on his part based on his 
model and may not turn out to be the case. We still do not know with the level of severity of his 
viruses and only time will tell. By assaying on whole virus and pseudovirus, we will have a 
determination in the next two to three weeks regarding the degree of immune evasion. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 941 ---
PRESS; MSNBC with Craig Melvin; NPR with Rob Stein;
 
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 942 ---
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 943 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 944 ---
Part 6 – Continued from Part 5
May 31, 2022   Global   USA
Conspiracy theories about me continue and abound:
The Spectator: The Harvard connection
Was a Fauci-endorsed Chinese donation part of the lab-leak cover up?
PRESS:   Korean Broadcasting System documentary “Corona Chronicles interviewed by 
Yoonki Kang
June 1, 2022    Global 527,603,107/6,290,452;  USA – 83,949,036/1.002.067
It is becoming very clear that there is a different dynamic now that Ashish Jha has taken 
over from Jeff as the COVID coordinator.  He clearly likes very much and wants to be the 
primary person dealing with the press. And for the first time we're seeing him wanting to do the 
White House press briefing alone without anyone else when it was always with Rochelle and I 
and sometimes Vivek. Also, it is clear that when calls are coming in for Sunday shows that the 
White House is putting him on instead. Since he is the boss of the coms people related to 
COVID, it is clear that he is telling them to do that. I do not begrudge him that because I know 
that he does want to be on TV a lot (and he is good at it) as he was before he took the job. But 
this is certainly a change in the dynamics. I'm still doing a lot of TV during the week but when it 
comes to things like the White House press conference and Sunday shows it is very clear that he 
is promoting himself above me and the rest of the team.
Emily Bass wrote a terrific “Guest Essay” in the NY Times today both praising and 
criticizing the Biden administration or not taking a strategic approach globally towards COVID 
the way George W. Bush and I took towards aids with PEPFAR. It is a really good article to read 
for historic purposes:
Guest Essay
America Led on Global Health Before. It Must 
Do So for Covid.
June 1, 2022, 5:00 a.m. ET
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 945 ---
A day or two ago Ashish, David Kessler, Rochelle, Vivek and I had an important meeting with Andrea 
Palm and Dawn O'Connell regarding the fact that we are running out of money and have no money 
left to purchase anymore monoclonal antibodies.   If we do not purchase any the company will stop 
making it and an important tool in our toolkit will now be missing this could be disastrous for people 
who are immunocompromised and who do not have the capability of making anybody in response to 
vaccines. We pushed really hard but Andrea and Dawn had no solution for us since the Congress is still 
not granting us the supplement that we've been asking for for some time. We pushed hard and there 
was a bit of tension in the room, but we found out today have we made an impression on them since 
they have found some extra money to keep the antibody production going for at least a few weeks. The 
company, Lilly, does not want to commercialize the antibody (Bebtolivumab) and will only make it if the 
government pays for it. It looks like we had an impact on them when we stood together and insisted 
that we needed the money.
Today, we had another important conversation among the team.I have been pushing and I was very 
explicit about it that we should make vaccine available to anyone younger than 50 years old who wants 
it. The emergency use authorization does not allow this right now but we are trying to find a way around 
this by setting up a meeting with Rob Califf to see if there is any mechanism that would allow us to make 
vaccine available. The reason we want to do that is that we have plenty of vaccine that we're not using 
and even though a fourth dose does not substantially increase the protection against severe disease (it 
does it a little bit), it could prevent symptomatic infection which could in the long run diminish the 
amount of long COVID that we experience. I came on very strong with my opinion that we should make 
vaccine available to anyone who wants a fourth dose at any age. Rachel was uncomfortable with this 
because she did not think we could get it through the FDA or the ACIP. I still insisted that we should go 
ahead and try.
Had a very important meeting on Monkeypox today organized By Raj Panjabi (NSC 
pandemic preparedness leader).  The meeting was attended by Rochelle Walensky, Harold 
Phillips of the White House AIDS office and a whole bunch of activists including Peter Staley, 
David Barr, and a wide range of others. Emily from my group was present as was several CDC 
folks.   We all agreed that we need to put all our resources together and engage the LGBTQ 
community in our planning about testing, treating and vaccinating people with monkeypox. It 
was a wonderful meeting because it showed right from the beginning of what could be an 
important outbreak that the White House was working with the health authorities like myself and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 946 ---
Rochelle as well as with the activist community. We vowed to continue to work together to try 
and make sure that this disease gets properly addressed and we do not underplay it or overplay it. 
There obviously is a danger of stigma generating from this disease because of its propensity to be 
infecting gay men. More to come on this new partnership.
The New York Post is truly fabricating   This has to do with the proposed “Pandemic 
treaty”:
Beware Fauci’s scheme to empower the 
World Health Organization
By 
Betsy McCaughey
May 31, 202
PRESS:  FOX with Neil Cavuto; “Life Itself” with Sanjay Gupta and interviewed by Seth 
MacFarlane (Virtually – I received a standing ovation from the audience at the Coronado 
Hotel in San Diego).   
June 2, 2022  Global   USA
Monkeypox continues to spread now involving over 23 countries with 800 cases. There are 
19 documented cases in the USA but this is likely a very significant undercount at this 
point.
PRESS:  South Florida PBS interview for Town Hall with Michael Zinner; USA Today 
interview on HEROS study (food allergy and COVID)
June 3-6, 2022 –Global – 528,816,317/6,294,949;  USA – 84,424,159//1,003,308
I had an idyllic weekend at Jeff Zients’s palatial estate in Annapolis. Chris and I (together 
with Brett and Tony….) had a spectacular weekend. The weather was absolutely perfect at 85 
degrees with a cool breeze and not a single cloud in the sky for the entire 2 1/2 days that we were 
there. We did everything: swim, boat, fish, basketball, tennis and most importantly – bird-
watching.  There were osprey all over the place with a nest in a tree in his back yard. There were 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 947 ---
copious varieties of birds that we saw and heard. Gave me the opportunity to return, however 
briefly, to some form of “normality”. it was entirely refreshing.
I received an important call during my stay in Annapolis. Secretary Becerra wanted to 
speak to me to get my advice about whether we were doing all we can as a department to 
address the emerging monkeypox challenge. He was calling upon my experience in 
previous outbreaks to make sure that HHS (particularly CDC) was doing everything that 
they could. This was triggered by the fact that Ron Klain is very concerned about whether 
the CDC is up to the job and would not drop the ball again with regard to things like 
making a number of tests available. The secretary asked me what I thought the potential 
vulnerabilities were and I emphasized the fact that we cannot accept the CDC saying that 
they are the only ones that can do a test for monkeypox. We've got to convert this to a 
commercialization as quickly as we possibly can so that we don't have the same problem 
with not enough tests to understand whether or not we are dealing only with the tip of an 
iceberg. I offered up the cohorts of stored server that we (NIAID) have from the days of 
HIV/AIDS to see if there was smoldering below the radar screen infection with monkey pox 
among the gay population for some time before we even recognized it. Right now, as the 
results are coming in, it is clear that overwhelmingly the cases in the non-endemic areas of 
the United States, Europe, and other continents are predominantly among gay men. It is 
striking that the secretary “hinted” that Ron Klain is on the verge doing something 
dramatic with the CDC, such as removing Rochelle, which I believe would be a mistake 
since it is not her fault; it is the institutional rigidity of the CDC that has been the problem 
for decades. I explained this to the secretary and told him that it was not Rochelle that was 
the issue it was the structure beneath it. I got the impression that he completely understood 
this and was asking for my help and making sure things get done correctly.
June 6, 2022 –
Angela Rasmussen did an excellent job of blasting Jeffrey Sachs (and also co-author 
Richard Ebright) for their article claiming that COVID was due to a lab leak.  See link and 
some selected excerpts from Angie’s tweets:
Link - https://bit.ly/390lafa 
Not overlooked, but ignored because I don’t wish to further amplify it. But here’s a quick 
summary:
Like many of his fellow economists with Ivy League credentials but no specific expertise 
in biology, he suffers from the delusion that he knows what the fuck he’s talking about.
Jeff Sachs is the chair of @TheLancet COVID-19 Commission. This isn’t an official 
government board with any real mandate. It’s just a prestigious medical journal deciding 
to make up a task force of prestigious people to write more prestigious content for said 
prestigious journal. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 948 ---
The Lancet COVID-19 Commission will issue a bunch of reports that are glorified opinion 
pieces stating the obvious: we weren’t prepared for the pandemic, there are massive 
inequities, it had huge global impact, need more vaccines/infrastructure, etc.
This includes Richard Ebright, the human manifestation of Pepe the Frog, who spends 
his days squatting on his Twitter lily pad croaking at everyone who disagrees w/ his 
uninformed views on biosafety, virology, & evolution that they are shills, stooges, & 
thralls of the CCP. 
Feel free to lecture me about professionalism here & get blocked w/ a quickness. I gave a 
talk on Twitter disinfo & had an entire slide cataloguing every time he called someone 
(inc me) a stooge in the prior 2 weeks. He’s an abusive bigot & I don’t owe him 
professional courtesy.
Cases starting to come down in Northeast, but still cases going up in undervaccimated 
areas, mostly in the South
Monkeypox problem growing:
Global.health tracker -- 921 confirmed MPX cases,  70 suspected (non endemic countries)  
https://bit.ly/392v2F1 
June 7, 2022   Global  - 5630,266,292/6,299,364; USA – 84,762,952/1,004,260
Note for the memoir regarding my PTSD around memories of my HIV/AIDS experience: I 
did an interview today (see below) with The Independent”, a UK News outlet on the issue of 
what I described in the NAT GEO book “Expect the Unexpected” talking about my PTSD 
around HIV/AIDS. The reporter asked me to describe how the PTSD expressed itself in me and 
what triggered it. In my description of it to the reporter, it became clear to me that it is something 
that I should include and expand a bit in my memoir.
Last night, Stephen Hoge of Moderna explained their booster data using hybrid boosts to a 
group of us from HHS.  The bottom line is that boosting with an omicron together with 
wildtype bivalent, The response protected against omicron – B.1, but not against BA.4 and BA.5. 
This has important implications in what decision the FDA and CDC make about what the 4th 
dose boost should consist of. Should it be an omicron boost or should we steer it towards BA4 
and BA5 which does not seem to be protected against by maybe one boost.
Met withVidar Helgesen CEO of the Nobel Foundation; Anna Sjostrom Douagi of the 
Foundation and Dr. Franklin Carrero-Martinez of NAS.   They want me to be a lead speaker at 
the Nobel/NAS Symposium in May, 2023 on “trust and information”, a theme right in tune with 
my commencement addresses on “the normalization of untruths”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 949 ---
PRESS: Interview with “The Independent” (UK) by Io Dodds; Interview with Theodora 
Tsoli for “The Bima” – Greek Newspaper;
June 8, 2022    Global    USA
Io Dodds piece came out.   Excellent historical piece: 
Exclusive: Anthony Fauci on the AIDS crisis, 
monkeypox, trans rights and his retirement
In an exclusive interview with Io Dodds, Dr Anthony Fauci 
looks back on his decades-long career in public health 
Met with a delegation from the UAE on the 6th Floor of Building 31.  Leading the 
delegation was Sheikh Abdulla Al Hamed, Chairman of the Abu Dhabi Department of 
Health. They are here to try and generate collaborative efforts between their group and our VRC 
and other elements of our program, particularly Danny Douek and Adrian McDermott In the 
context of the PREMISE program that was started at the VRC. This would be the first time that 
we are having any substantial interaction with the UAE.
Cases not going down very much over past week although certain regions are plateauing:
PRESS: Bloomberg TV Quick Take – “Emma Barnett Meets”; Interview with Robert 
Gaynes for his book second edition of “Germ Theory”
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 950 ---
June 9, 2022  Global    USA
The big discussion items over the past 24 hours have been the growing number of cases of 
monkeypox which at last count is over 1400 globally and over 70 in the United States. In 
addition, there was concern about what kind of decision will be made regarding the 4th 
shot boost with the mRNA vaccines. Although the Moderna data indicate that the bivalent 
vaccine of wildtype plus omicron gives quite good response to omicron, their data show only a 
modest protective effect with a three to fourfold decrease in efficacy against BA4 and BA.5. The 
data from Pfizer are even more dramatic in showing the lack of a good response against BA4 and 
BA5 when you vaccinate with a bivalent consisting of wildtype and omicron. The real issue is 
going to be that by the time the Fall comes it is very likely that neither omicron (BA.1) nor 
BA.4/BA.5 will be dominant since even though BA4 and BA5 are starting to take over 
dominance, they will likely peak and come down by the time the Fall comes and so we will be 
making a booster for a virus that very likely does not exist in society at the time that you are 
using the vaccine. Clearly, this is a major dilemma that we are all facing with the virus that 
moves so quickly.
Good history of the evolving of variants:
PRESS: NBC Medical Unit Interview with Akshay Syal;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 951 ---
June 10, 2022
Last night I received another humbling honor associated with the honorary doctorate in 
science that I received from Rockefeller University in New York City. I could not attend in 
person because of scheduling conflict and so I taped my acceptance speech. However, last night 
there was a black tie affair in which individuals presented the life work of the degree recipients. 
Jeffrey Ravetz did an amazing job in presenting my story going back to my early days in 
Brooklyn. At the end of his presentation Rockefeller President Rick Lifton was very generous in 
his praise for me and pointed out that the audience at the celebratory dinner was giving me a 
standing ovation, which I could not see since I was connected to the affair by Zoom. It has been 
an extraordinary spring with all of these wonderful honors that I have received. This will have 
been my 58th honorary doctorate.
Major issue that I am involved with regarding the choice of the 4th dose boost in the Fall. 
Everyone is trying to decide what 4th dose boosts will be given to the entire population in the 
Fall. A recent study by Moderna showed that there was a modest advantage of the bivalent 
omicron plus ancestral strain vaccine boost over ancestral strain alone when one measures 
antibodies against omicron. They are pushing this now to be the candidate for the 4th dose boost 
in the Fall. However, there is no Omicron (BA.1) around right now and even though BA.4 and 
BA.5 are emerging, by the time we get to the Fall we will have already peaked and declined with 
BA.4/5 and so we will have a vaccine that is directed against a variant that very likely will not be 
present in the fall and winter. We have hundreds of millions of doses of ancestral strain vaccine 
and in order to get a new bivalent boost available we would have to make a decision in July or 
August to get it ready for October or November or later, which actually might be too late. If we 
do not use those hundreds of millions of doses of ancestral strain they will go to waste and have 
to be thrown away. And so as far as I'm concerned the ancestral strain boost may not raise the 
titers against different variants to a very high level, but it does keep them within a protective 
range so I would make an argument then rather than waste millions of doses and invest in a 
candidate that might not do anymore of protection against a given variant in the fall and winter, 
we should go ahead and utilize the ancestral strain vaccines that we have which might do just as 
good a job against any future variants. I will try to make that case as we talk about future plans 
for boosters.
PRESS: Zoom wih Clara Lussich of El Pais (Uruguay); Radio interview with Marc Siegel 
Sirius Doctor Radio; 
June 11, 2022 – Global   USA
Had a glorious and historic day at Holy Cross today. The college named their integrated 
science complex – “Anthony S. Fauci Integrated Science Complex” in my honor. The 
outpouring of love, affection, and admiration on the part of the students and the faculty at Holy 
Cross was very moving. I gave a Q and A session with about 30 students, which was really 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 952 ---
terrific.it is a beautiful renovated building of laboratories and classrooms. My visit to the college 
was on the occasion of my 60th reunion. I ran into some old friends that I have not seen in 
decades including Jim Mulvihill, Jack Fellin and Mike Leding.  President Rougeau gave a 
wonderful introduction of me, and one of the thrills of the day was to see that Bob Cousy drove 
himself to the campus just to be there and honor me. I had a great conversation with “Cous” who 
is 93 years old. All in all, it was a wonderful day.
I did a terrific fireside chat with David Rubenstein at the meeting of the Trilateral 
Commission at the Mandarin Oriental hotel in Washington DC. David was his usual 
humorous self and we had a typical interview that we have had several times in the past. He 
asked the usual questions about his own health am I kidded him about the fact that he is a 
hypochondriac.  Prominent people at the meeting were David Petraeus, Meghan O’Sullivan, Jake 
Sullivan, Fareed Zakaria, among many others.
PRESS: I gave an extended and exhausting all day interview with a half day photo shoot to 
Anna Peele, who is a freelance reporter doing a front page extensive Washington Post 
magazine article on me to be published in the next few weeks.
June 13 – Global   USA
Net cases and hospitalizations coming down, but very slowly. Some counties/states coming 
way down while others rising or plateauing. BA4/5 becoming more dominant.   Sec. Becerra got 
infected for the 2nd time in 4 weeks.
Monkeypox getting considerably more attention.   >1400 cases in non-endemic areas with 
~50 cases in USA
Wonderful memorial for Rob Stein at the Evermay Estate in Georgetown.   I gave one of the 
Eulogies.   Remarkable man in life and as he was dying.  He was beloved by many and a very 
dear friend to me and my entire family
June 14 – Global – 533,816,957/6,309,633;  USA – 85,520,045/1,006,8890
BA4/5 creeping up in dominance:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 953 ---
I had another very productive discussion, which I have had on a regular basis, with the UK 
chief medical officer Chris Whitty. We discussed the evolving situation in the UK and 
compared it to that in the United States. He mentioned to me that they were starting to see a 
surge of cases of  BA5 which he feels will ultimately become dominant. In addition, 
unfortunately hospitalizations are starting to tick up and he believes that they are likely going to 
see a bit more of a wave in the coming weeks. This is very disconcerting since we were hoping 
that there would be a sharp downturn in omicron sublineage viruses in the UK which usually 
foreshadows what is going to happen in the United states.
Egregious example of “PORK” on the part of the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee 
concerning the earmarking of funding for the BSLs
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 954 ---
not support the best science.   Despite these concerns, the Subcommittee staff indicated that this 
directed funding would be likely to continue in FY2023and for the foreseeable future
June 15, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 955 ---
Big tragedy is that I will be missing my daughter Megan's wedding in New Orleans. This is 
much more painful and disturbing then the fact that I have a disease that could possibly 
kill me.
Getting literally hundreds of texts and e-mails from all over the world wishing me a speedy 
recovery.   Very much appreciated.  Write-ups in all major news media (Times, Post, NPR, 
etc.). My symptoms fortunately are relatively mild with one bad night tonight with flushing 
feeling and a lot of primary and some cough. I started Paxlovd
Jimmy Fallon: “I read that Dr. Fauci has tested positive for COVID, but luckily, he’s only 
experiencing mild symptoms. COVID must feel like it just reached the final boss in a video game, 
like, ‘We did it. We beat Fauci.’ Right now, even Fauci is reading the CDC guidelines like, ‘Damn, 
these are confusing.’”
June 16, 2022  Global – 535,248,141/6,313,229;  USA - 85,825,048/1,007,964   
Feeling considerably better today. I bit the bullet and testified before the Senate HELP 
committee. Rand Paul was his usual stupid self asking questions about royalty payments. It 
was a three hour hearing and I was exhausted but I made it through.
Cases, deaths, and hospitalizations seem to have stabilized and are not coming down any 
further:
PRESS:
Politico:
Covid doesn't stop Anthony Fauci from taking on Rand Paul – 
again 
The two engaged in their usual heated debate at a Senate HELP Committee hearing on Thursday. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 956 ---
June 17, 2022  Global   USA
Symptoms still relatively mild. I'm on day three of Paxlovid.  many texts and emails 
wishing me well from friends and people that I do not know in the USA and around the 
world.
PRESS:
The Independent:
Dr Fauci accuses Rand Paul of ‘absurd 
exaggeration’ over claims about booster shots
Josh Marcus
Trevor Noah: “Dr. Fauci has COVID, which feels a little like finding out Smokey the Bear got 
trapped in a forest fire.”
Seth Meyers: “Dr. Anthony Fauci tested positive yesterday for a breakthrough case of the 
coronavirus. Fauci is like COVID’s final boss. This is like hearing that the Coyote caught the 
Roadrunner. Also, you caught it now? You made it through all that time in the maskless Trump White 
House and you caught it now? That’s like running a triathlon with no problems and then throwing 
your back out while petting a dog.”
June 18, 2022
FDA gives EUA to Moderna and Pfizer for vaccines for children 6 months to 5 years old.  
CDC recommends!
I'm really starting to feel the depression and sadness that I will be missing Megan's 
wedding today in NOLA where I would have been with my entire family had I not 
contracted COVID.  I viewed the ceremony buy live stream as well as interacting with 
people during the reception and the picture taking via FaceTime .Will Fekeci and Sam 
provided the face timing for me.
The usual stuff is going on regarding my infection with Tucker Carlson doing A5 or 10 
minute discussion tearing me down but the usual accusations and belittling the people who 
are supporting me. What a total asshole!!
I just finished Yasmeen Abutaleb’s and Damian Paletta’s book “Nightmare Scenario”.  
They did a very good job and I should use that book heavily as a reference in my own 
upcoming book.
PRESS:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 957 ---
Gov. DeSantis not recommending vaccines for children 6 months to 5 years:
washingtonpost.com 
Gov. Ron DeSantis abandons Florida children
Editorial Board
But Mr. DeSantis appears to relish playing politics with public health. He is running for reelection and 
has his eye on a Republican presidential campaign. His decisions and comments are a craven bid for 
support from the anti-vaccine movement. We’ve seen this before. Mr. DeSantis also fought vaccine and 
mask mandates. His campaign sells “Freedom over Fauci” flip-flops that leave a message when worn on 
the beach: “Fauci can pound sand.”
June 19, 2022
PRESS:  Book about the disgraceful behavior of authorities at NY Hospital-Presbyterian 
(particularly Laura Forese) during the outbreak peak in NYC:
Facing Death During the Pandemic
Marie Brenner’s “The Desperate Hours” looks at how health care workers dealt with the perils of Covid.
By Sandeep Jauhar
June 20 2022
Tested negative today and have had an essentially asymptomatic course.
Began reading Deb Birx’s book “Silent Invasion” and it is clear already from the first couple 
of chapters that she is revising history regarding her initial involvement. I am sure that part of it 
is true but it wants me to be careful that I have to be strict to the truth of exactly what happened 
and not pad it in my favor
Important discussions today by phone with me and separately David Kessler, Larry 
Horowitz, Richard Koup and Peter Marks regarding what the ultimate choice for the 
booster vaccine for the upcoming fall surge.  I have been very concerned of late that we are 
not carefully analyzing the immunological basis for the choice of a booster shot to be 
administered before the potentially upcoming Fall surge. The companies Pfizer and Moderna 
apparently want to give a bivalent of wildtype plus omicron since that is what they already seem 
committed to and are making. It is my opinion that by the time we get to the fall season omicron 
will be completely gone and off the map since it is already gone. The closest thing that we likely 
would see would be a surge of BA4/5. Yet everything seems to be pointing to the decision of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 958 ---
doing an omicron/wildtype bivalent. Peter Marks who will make the ultimate decision at the 
FDA agrees with me that we will be fighting yesterday's war if we go with omicron. There will 
be many discussions this week that I will catalyze to make sure that we get all the appropriate 
information for the FDA to make a good decision about the booster.
June 21, 2022
GOP threatening me if they assume control over Congress:
Top Republican On House Oversight Eyes Hunter Biden, Fauci As Investigative 
Targets – ‘The Takeout’.
CBS News (6/17, 5.39M) reported that “if Republicans take control of the House in the next 
Congress, the House Oversight Committee” would investigate NIAID Director Dr. Anthony Fauci, 
according to Rep. James Comer (R-KY), the top Republican on the committee. Fauci has 
“maintained that COVID-19 likely resulted from a ‘natural occurrence,’ as opposed to a lab leak in 
Wuhan, China, telling a Senate committee this week that the virus likely jumped from ‘an animal 
host, perhaps through an intermediary host, into a human species, which then spread throughout the 
human population.’” Comer told CBS News chief Washington correspondent Major Garrett on this 
week’s “The Takeout” podcast, “We are not going to let up on that. I think the American people 
deserve to know the truth about COVID 19. They deserve to have a government try to actually find 
the truth about where the COVID 19 originated from.” 
Clyburn’s Committee has finally shone a bright light on the destructive nature of the Scott 
Atlas dogma of “herd immunity” and the Great Barrington Declaration:
House Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis
New Select Subcommittee Report Reveals Full 
Scope of Trump Administration’s Embrace of a 
Dangerous and Discredited Herd Immunity via 
Mass Infection Strategy
Jun 21, 2022 
Press Release 
Report is the first in a series on the Select Subcommittee’s investigation into the Trump Administration’s 
political interference with the federal coronavirus response
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 959 ---
PRESS:   Read this.   More preposterous nonsense about me by the radical right media.   
This is one of hundreds of such items coming out on a daily basis:
The Fauci Protocol: Treating Fauci’s Covid Diagnosis According To His Own 
‘Standard Of Care’.
For “The Corner” of the National Review (6/17, 798K), George Leef linked to a piece in the 
Brownstone Institute by Jordan Schachtel, who argued that NIAID Director Dr. Anthony Fauci, is 
unlikely to follow his own advice after being infected with COVID-19. 
Regional Press – Nextstar with Raquel Martin; Hearst with Christopher Sales; Gray with 
Molly Martinez;  “Fatherly” with Tyler Santora; Telemundo National with Francesco 
Fajardo; Parents Magazine with Nicole Harris;
June 22, 2022
There has been some considerable tension between the new H-CORE group who is headed 
by Jason Roos and the rest of the HHS tream. They are involved in making major decision 
about distribution of money. Yet the leadership component of H-CORE consisting of  the 
following has not been consulted on any major decisions: 
Several people including Cliff Lane and I are concerned that decision are being made in a 
vacuum and Jason seems uninterested in calling the leadership group for advice and consultation
PRESS: regional press: The Klay Kane Show (Sirius XM) with Klay Kane; Revolt TV with 
Ryan Dennis; The Midday Party on Hot 103 Jamz (Kansas City) with Julee Jonez; Cox 
with Kirstin Garris; WSB (ABC Atlanta, GA) with Linda Stouffer; WDIV (NBC Detroit, 
MI) with Dr. Frank McGeorge
June 23, 2022
Real problem evolving with people having got infected at Megan’s wedding on June 18. 
Megan is devastated since at least a dozen family members and friends seemed to have gotten 
infected while in NOLA, likely, but not definitely at the wedding.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 960 ---
Rep Steve Scalise is agitating with Rep Jim Jordon about getting me to testify or be 
questioned in closed doors by the House Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis chaired 
by Rep. Jim Clyburn. They are saying that the USG is “hiding” me.  Clyburn does not want to 
allow it since he knows they will make it into a circus.   However, they are playing it out publicly 
that I am hiding something and that is why I do not want to testify.   If it were up to me, I would 
absolutely testify.
PRESS:  BBC News TV;  White House Press Briefing (of note, this is the 1st one that I have 
briefed at in several weeks (see my comment above about Dr. Jha)
June 24, 2022
We are stuck at around 100,000 cases/day and this is very likely a significant 
underestimate.  Deaths remain low:
Had and important Zoom conversation with Peter Marks and a whole bunch of people (see 
below) regarding the upcoming choice of a booster for the fall season.   I am in favor of a 
bivalent wild-type/BA4/5 or a monovalent BA4/5.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 961 ---
June 25, 2022
Bad day with rebounds sxs.  Started on 2nd course of Paxlovid
June 26, 2022
Feel much better this morning, on my second day of Paxlovid. Will take it very easy today 
and see what happens over the next couple of days. 
I'm reading Deb Birx’s book and it can serve as a really good reference for me to refresh 
my memory about dates and events.
June 27, 2022
Just for the record – Ashish Jha is promoting himself on all major TV and clearly 
excluding Rochelle, Vivek and me.   Rather obvious and a big deviation from Jeff Zients 
approach
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 962 ---
We seem to be “stuck” at around 100,000 cases per day (surely an underestimated since 
most cases are not reported due to home Ag tests) and 300 deaths per day:
June 28, 2022
Monkeypox cases continue to increase.   USA activists (James Krellenstein et al) now 
increasing pressure on HHS (ASPR) to be explicit on how many tests, antivirals, vaccines 
are available for distribution.
PRESS: National Press Foundation Roundtable; Foreign Policy Global Health Forum 
Keynote;
June 29, 2022
Patterns starting to show insidious increases in all parameters:
PRESS:   Monkeypox press briefing (with Raj Panjabi) for LGBTQ community press; 
Multi-cultural media briefing for children vaccines
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 963 ---
Daily Mail: Anthony Fauci says that he's experienced rebound Covid symptoms after 
taking a Pfizer's antiviral Paxlovid - which studies now show is NOT effective for people 
who are vaccinated.
Washington Post (Online)
The Pandemic Is Waning. Anthony Fauci Has a 
Few More Lessons to Share.
America’s most famous doctor on mitigating covid, giving your 
adversaries the benefit of the doubt and working way too 
much
By Anna Peele
June 29, 2022 at 10:17 a.m. EDT
June 30, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 964 ---
Still recovering from COVID. I had a rebound as indicated above after stopping my first course 
of Paxlovid.  Have now finished my second course and my antigen positivity is very very slight. 
Hopefully it will disappear by tomorrow.
Little by little going in the right direction.
Important zoom meeting with Karl Lauterbach (Minister of health of Germany), Ugur 
Sahin (CEO, BioNTech) and Ashish Jha. We discussed the pros and cons of what the optimal 
booster would be in the fall. Carl and Ashish called upon Ugur and me to give the scientific 
rationale of why our FDA has come down on the side of recommending a BA.4/5 bivalent (with 
Wild type) boosts for the fall. Although it may take a little bit longer to get enough doses to start 
off early in the fall, the advantage of having a powerful BA.4/5 stimulus and response may be 
worth the slight delay. We also agreed that if we get a surge very early in the fall before we have 
enough BA/4/5, then we can actually boost with the ancestral monovalent since this does induce 
a reasonable response although not optimal against BA. 4/5.  Karl mentioned that Germany had 
been leaning towards and omicron bivalence, particularly in the context that this is what 
Moderna has been pushing since that is what they have decided to make at risk and they don't 
want to lose the use of those dosages. At the end of the discussion it was clear that Ugur and I 
convinced Karl that the better direction to take would be as discussed above with BA. 4/5.   It 
was a very good discussion and I came away impressed that Ugur is a brilliant scientist and 
seems to be a really nice person.
Had my usual every two week zoom call with Chris Whitty of the UK.  Chris and I have 
developed a very good relationship and we exchanged information about what is going on in the 
UK compared to what is going on here. They are unclear as to what boosts that they would use 
given the fact that they do not believe that they will have enough time to get enough BA. 4/5 
boost made to meet a potential false surge we both agreed that if the surge comes early they can 
utilize the unused ancestral Wuhan vaccine that they have plenty of.
PRESS:
The New York Times (Shery Stolberg):
Fauci says he believes Paxlovid kept him out of 
the hospital, even though he tested positive 
again.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, President Biden’s top pandemic adviser, sought to discourage doubts about the 
antiviral drug Paxlovid following what appeared to be a “rebound” of Covid-19 after taking the pills.
July 1, 2022  Global – 543,352,927/6,331,059;   USA – 87,298,343/1.012,767
Tested Ag negative today!!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 965 ---
Importance of vaccination + boosters:
Cases clearly going up everywhere in the USA and in UK:
I am struggling with the issue of what the precise and most appropriate time to step down 
from my current position to move on to writing books and entering the next phase of the 
winter of my career. It is very difficult for me to pull away from being the director of NIAID 
given the extraordinary history that I have created and lived through over the last 38 years as 
director. As we approach the decision making time of this summer although I lean very strongly 
two announcing my departure in August and leaving at the end of 2022, the thought of this still 
causes considerable anxiety in me as to whether or not I am doing this too soon. However, I will 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 966 ---
be 82 years old at the end of the year and I have always said that I want to go out while I am still 
very much on top. That is the driving force that has me feel that I will go through with the plan
PRESS:
https://paw.princeton.edu/article/commencement-speakers-offer-parting-words-2022-grads
July 2, 2022 
 2nd day  in a row Ag negative
Noteworthy is that Senator John Kennedy (R-LA) despite his seeming antagonism of me 
sent me a very nice, handwritten “get well soon” note.
Monkeypox problem growing…..
Global.health: 6178 confirmed MPX cases in 67 non-endemic countries; 51 suspected.  459 
in USA
July 3, 2022
UK reporting anther “concerning variant – BA. 2.175
July 4, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 967 ---
I had a very relaxed day today. Went on a nice walk. After that we hung around the house 
and towards the evening we went fishing on the canal but, as usual, we didn't catch 
anything. Yesterday was a fun day in that not only did we go for a good walk, but I also 
threw the baseball around in preparation for my trip to Seattle, and then Brett and I shut 
around some baskets at Horace Mann school. Next week is going to be a tough week in that 
there's a lot of stuff going on in addition I have my CT scan on Sunday.
July 5, 2022   Global   USA
Recent article in The Atlantic by Cary Gross and Zeke Emanuel criticized the NIH for not 
moving quickly or effectively enough on research on COVID.   Larry Tabak wrote a letter in 
strong response:
THE CONVERSATION
Letter: The NIH Has 
Responded Forcefully to 
COVID-19
The nation’s leading health-research agency, its acting director 
writes, has moved with unprecedented speed against a global 
threat.
July 6, 2022   Global   USA
Activists including James Krellenstein, Gregg Gonsalves and Peter Staley among others are 
getting agitated at HHS and NSC (Raj Panjabi) for the lack of Jynneos (MVA – Bavarian 
Nordic) for PrEP for Monkeypox for the Gay community (MSM)
MPX cases increasing greatly in USA especially in DC, NYC and Chicago
July 7, 2022
BA.2.75 increasing in Australia, India and several other countries.   Some cases in USA.   
Watching it closely
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 968 ---
Met with Adam Russell, Acting Deputy Director of newly formed ARPA-H
PEPFAR Oral history:  https://www.bushcenter.org/publications/essays/pepfar.html 
PRESS:  Newsy TV Interview; Radio New Zealand RNZ;
July 8, 2022   Global USA
PRESS: Mother Jones Interview on HIV Vaccines with Jackie Lynn Mogensen
July 9, 2022
People are acting like and hoping that COVID is over, but it is not.   There are still 
>100,000 cases/day which is likely a gross undercount since many cases (perhaps x5) are 
not reported and deaths are stuck at ~300 with hospitalizations increasing:
I had a conversation with Rochelle and Vivek about this today (Saturday) indicating that I 
believe we are not doing enough in a proactive way of getting out there with the press and 
in other venues talking up how we need to increase mitigations such as reminding people 
about the importance of wearing masks as well as pushing to get people vaccinated and 
boosted. Also, as I have said in the recent discussion with Dan Diamond of the post in which he 
tweeted I would discussion that we need to be more liberal in getting people a fourth shot who 
are less than 50 years old but might have some underlying conditions without necessarily being 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 969 ---
immune compromised. Bottom line is that I am pushing that we be more aggressive. I am 
disappointed that I have not been out in the classic media of TV and radio either because the 
media are not interested or because the White House is not sending them my way. The same 
holds true for Rochelle and Vivek. They are not being out there as much as I believe we all 
should be.
Dan Diamond tweet: Officials have been debating, for months, 
whether to recommend a 2nd booster, especially because so 
many Americans haven’t gotten their 1st. But TONY FAUCI 
told The Post he’s “leaning toward flexibility” for more 
younger Americans to get another booster shot.
MPX still increasing in USA and around the world.   In USA 790 reported cases.  Likely 
and undercount.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 970 ---
Global.health  9060 confirmed MPX cases in 71 non-endemic  countries, 40 suspected 
Politico – Story about BARDA contract to company Phlow to make continuous generics.   
They did not fulfill their contractual responsibility.
Trump-era federal Covid contract recipient has yet to meet 
major deadlines 
Two years in, Phlow Corp. has not delivered on high-tech methods to domestically manufacture cheap 
generic drugs.
Peter Navarro was likely influential in picking the company that was not even a company 
yet when BARDA gave them hundreds of millions of dollars:
“Evidence uncovered by the Select Subcommittee raises questions about whether White House officials, 
including Mr. Navarro, exercised inappropriate influence over contract awards for [personal protective 
equipment] and medical supplies that should have been handled by career procurement staff,” the 
letter continued.
July 10, 2022
Preprint (MedRXiV): Asymptomatic monkeypox virus 
infections among male sexual health clinic 
attendees in Belgium
We need to be careful that we do not fall into the same issue that we did early on with COVID, 
i.e. not appreciating the importance of asymptomatic spread.
Follow-up Chest CT – Unchanged!!!
July 11, 2022
On our weekly call with the secretary, I brought up the issue that we need to be much more 
proactive in warning people about the spread of infection and that we have to be pushing 
the wearing of masks and getting people vaccinated and boosted. The secretary agreed and 
we're going to discuss this even more with Ashish tomorrow.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 971 ---
Washington Post article describes my pushing to be more aggressive during this surge of 
BA.5 variant:
Biden officials push to offer second booster shots to all adults
Plan would make coronavirus shots available to millions more amid rising 
cases, hospitalizations.
By Dan Diamond, Laurie McGinley and Lena H. Sun
While the booster plan still needs formal sign-off from regulators and public health officials, it 
has the backing of White House coronavirus coordinator Ashish Jha and Anthony S. Fauci, the 
government’s top infectious-disease expert, according to five officials who spoke on the 
condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the plan.
In an interview, Fauci said that he’s “leaning” toward allowing second booster shots for younger 
adults, pending authorization from the Food and Drug Administration and agreement by the 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
While persuading those who haven’t gotten vaccinated or fully vaccinated to get the full regimen 
and their first booster shot is critical, Fauci said, “we also need to allow people who are under 50 
to get their second booster shot, since it may have been months since many of them got their 
first booster.”
“If I got my third shot [in 2021], it is very likely the immunity is waning,” Fauci added.
July 12, 2022
Was called to the White House for a meeting with Ron Klain, Ashish Jha, Sec. Becerra, 
Richelle Walensky and Dawn O’Connell.   Ron was really ****** that he is getting a lot of 
Flack from New York City who feels that they are not getting enough doses of monkey pox 
vaccine. Ron is upset with the formula of distribution among the states. He  feels that doses 
are being sent to places with few cases and not being used and there are lines of people 
waiting to get vaccinated in New York City and they are making a big stink about this 
causing what may turn out to be a political problem for POTUS. I kept quiet through most 
of the discussion which was pretty tense between secretary Becarra and Ron. However, it 
became clear to me that the lesion was that the contractor who is shipping the doses from 
Denmark to the United States do not appear to realize that this is an emergency and they're 
talking about sending one plane per week with about 140,000 doses per plane. I brought up 
the point when Ron mentioned that I was being very quiet and he wanted to know my 
opinion. I said that  it is inconceivable to me that we cannot do better than 140,000 doses 
shipped per week when we have about a million doses in Denmark sitting ready to be 
shipped. I believe that this is an example of people not pressuring to get things done during 
an emergency and accepting business as usual. The astounding fact is that they said that 
the reason they have to rely on the plane flying back from the United States to Denmark to 
reload with another bunch of vaccines is that they only have limited carriers to put the vials 
in when they are shipped on the plane. What are they talking about?? One can make 
carriers with 3D printers. In addition, I don't understand why they can only do 140,000 at 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 972 ---
a time. After the meeting I emailed Dawn and expressed to her my astonishment that we 
can't do better than this. She checked and found out that all of a sudden they could now 
ship 400,000 doses of vaccine per plane instead of 140,000. In addition I encouraged her to 
work with the Department of Defence to get more planes in the air. This is another example 
of a serious logistic snafu that could have easily been solved if somebody was just thinking 
with a clear head. 
------------------------------------------------------------
Good coverage of the White House press conference where I emphasize the need to take the 
current situation seriously without letting it disrupt our lives:
The Hill - Fauci: Take new subvariant seriously, but 
don’t ‘let it disrupt our lives’ 
by Peter Sullivan - 07/12/22 11:10 AM ET
NY Times – Sheryl Stolberg As BA.5 spreads, the White House warns 
that Covid is not over.
:
“Variants will continue to emerge if the virus circulates globally and in this country,” Dr. Anthony S. 
Fauci, Mr. Biden’s chief medical adviser for the pandemic, said at a White House news briefing. “We 
should not let it disrupt our lives. But we cannot deny that it is a reality that we need to deal with.”
PRESS:   White House Press Briefing;  MSNBC with Chris Lansing; Nexstar with Don 
Kauffman; Interview with Eileen O’Reilly for Axios; Fox TV with Neil Cavuto;
July 13, 2022
Hospitalizations going up.  Deaths stable at ~300/day.   BA4/5 >80% of isolates with BA5 
>50%   Europe having a big surge of BA5.
Met with Bob Barnett again last night planning the announcement of my stepping down 
and the subsequent linking up with publishers and speaking bureaus after I actually leave.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 973 ---
GOP in Congress inappropriately trying to shut down all research collaborations with 
China:
Draft bill would ban CDC, NIH from funding lab 
research in China
House of Representatives measure catalyzed in part by 
suspicion that pandemic virus escaped from Wuhan 
laboratory
• 12 Jul 2022
• 6:00 PM
• ByJocelyn Kaiser
PRESS:  CNN “New Day” with John Berman
July 14, 2022   Global – 5546,897,312/6,356,812;   USA – 88,932,987/1,018,035
Cases, hospitalizations, and deaths now going up:
Rochelle called me up tonight and arranged to have a zoom with me to get my advice about 
pressure she is getting from the White House who is responding to New York pressuring 
them to get more monkey pox vaccines (see above on July 12). This relates to the meeting we 
had a couple of days ago with Ron Klain where he was very concerned that we are being 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 974 ---
perceived as being unresponsive with regard to vaccines and the POTUS is getting a lot of 
pressure from NYC for more vaccines. The White House wants her to distribute the vaccine 
according to the number of cases and she feels correctly that that is not a totally fair way since 
there is a consideration for the at-risk population in certain locations that don't yet have a lot of 
cases.  Also, southern states with black MSM are not really tresting since they are stigmatized 
and cases are not being recognized.  I counseled her that it is a battle she will lose if she insists 
on distribution other than just by case numbers. She will lose the fight with the WH.  In 1 to 1 
and 1/2 weeks there will be hundreds of thousands of vaccines shipped from Denmark. At that 
point we can do what I would strongly suggest is to blanket the at risk community with vaccines 
for everyone who is at risk particularly those who are on prep for HIV or who are infected with 
HIV and are suppressed with their viral load due to antiviral drugs. Those are the ones that are 
out there having sex and not feeling vulnerable because they are on antiviral therapy. I told her to 
hang tight for week or so and the problem will solve itself.
PRESS: Rickey Smiley Radio Show; KAMR TV Amarillo, TX; NBC Livestream News with 
Phil Lepof; CNN with Erin Burnett;
July 15, 2022  Global    USA
After talking with Ashish this morning, Rochelle decided to allocate vaccines for 
monkeypox at 75% according to the number of cases and 25% for the level of risk and a 
given community. That seems like a reasonable compromise which I agree with and will 
back Rochelle on. As mentioned above, in two weeks this will be a moot point since there 
will be hundreds of thousands of doses of vaccines arriving from the outside. 
We are not keeping up very well on booster shots:
PRESS:  Univision Digital with Borja Voces; Skimm TV ONLINE with Maria Corpus; 
Bloomberg TV “Balance of Power” with Joe Mathieu
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 975 ---
July 16, 2022
PRESS:   CNN with Laura Coates
July 17, 2022 (Sunday)
Important conversation with Ashish Jha. But she's called me up and wanted my opinion and 
backing on what he wants to bring up to Ron Klain. He wants to propose putting billions of 
dollars into a program that would mimic operation warp speed in which he has been calling 
“hyperdrive”. The purpose is to put a full court press on getting you closely administered 
vaccines to prevent infection and transmission as well as next generation platform and imagine 
designs for greater breadth and durability of response. These latter concepts word described by 
me to him. The reason Ashish wanted my help was that he heard from Ron that unless we're 
proposing something that is more than just incremental and that would actually be transformative 
and play a major role in turning around how Americans think about COVID, then he doubts that 
Ron will take the step to go to the president to have the president use a chit with the Congress to 
get the money. The trick about all of this is that Ron will want a product to go into the arms of 
Americans within 18 months to coincide with approaching the end of the administration and the 
election for the presidency. I told Ron that I would back him on the transformative nature of the 
two pillars that I mentioned above, but I have considerable skepticism as to whether or not we 
can do this in 18 months. I suggested to Ashish that week altogether a group comprised of him, 
me, Peter Marks and Rob Califf from the FDA as well as some knowledgeable people from 
biotech and pharma.  Unless we have corporate sponsors we are not going to go anywhere with 
this and we will never be able to do it in 18 months. Ashish will set-up the meeting and hopefully 
we can make a determination and get back to the president. Ashish feels that if we cannot 
convince Ron about this then there is no way that we can get the money.
July 18, 2022
Sarah Ohermohle wrote an article in Politico where I mentioned that I would be leaving the 
NIH sometime before the end of President Biden's first term to which is January 2025. This 
is being interpreted by many in the press that I'm announcing my retirement. This is 
obviously not the case because I have given no date for stepping down and I am not retiring 
when I leave government service. However given the interest in me it is not surprising that 
this is now gone viral:
Anthony Fauci wants to put Covid’s politicization behind him
The disease fighter says he’s plotting his departure and reflecting on how he wants to be 
remembered.
Financial Times:  Kiran Stacey
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 976 ---
US chief medical adviser Anthony Fauci to step 
down in Joe Biden’s first term
Kiran Stacey
4-5 minutes
Washington Post:
Fauci says he will retire from government post 
by the end of Biden’s term
By Yasmeen Abutaleb
July 18, 2022 at 11:45 a.m. EDT
New York Times (Sheryl  Stolberg):
Fauci Says He Will ‘Almost Certainly’ Retire by 
January 2025
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, 81, said he expected to see out President Biden’s current term.
Wall Street Journal – Stephanie Armour and Betsy McKay
Anthony Fauci Plans to Retire by End of 
Biden’s Term
One of the leading public faces of the U.S. public-health 
response to Covid-19 says he hasn’t decided on exact date
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 977 ---
----------------------------------
I had a very good talk today with  Sam Bankman-Fried and his brother Gabriel Bankman 
who runs a foundation called “Guarding Against Pandemics”.   Also on the call were their 
associates Jacob Swett and Annabel Snidow. (see above) .  We spoke about how Sam with his 
billions of dollars could partner with the NIH and pushing the scientific agenda for the 
prototype pathogen approach of pandemic preparedness. Sam is a good friend of senator Joe 
Manchin and Joe is the one who originally pointed Sam in my direction to see if somehow we 
can all work together to having some sort of a partnership where the Congress puts in a certain 
amount for pandemic preparedness using the prototype pathogen model and Sam puts in an equal 
amount to support the effort through NI AID. We left it that they put together a proposal and that 
I serve as the scientific advisor for the amount of money that Sam wants to put into this even 
though I must be careful and will be careful about not getting involved in writing any legislation 
since Manchin has been talking about writing this into a reconciliation bill.
PRESS:   CNN with Kate Bolduan; Reuters interview with Julie Steenhuysen; NBC Online 
Web;  NPR with Rob Stein (talking about the Politico article (see above)
July 19, 2022
I had an important conversation this morning with Peter Staley in which I asked his advice 
about messaging to the gay community regarding monkey pox. There seems to be a debate in 
New York City among public health officials versus some gay leaders. The tension is whether or 
not to tell gay men to hold off on multiple sexual partners until they get a PrEP version of the 
vaccine. Some people are saying that that would increase the stigma against gay men. However, 
Peter agrees with me that there is nothing wrong with and probably a good idea to tell gay men 
to just hold off and cool it for the next couple of weeks until we get enough vaccine to vaccinate 
all people who are at risk namely those who've had multiple sexual partners within the last 14 
days. I will be out in the press talking about this and I just wanted to check with Peter as to 
whether he agreed with me and in fact he does.
BA.5 dominating isolates:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 978 ---
PRESS:  The Hill Health Summit Interview and streaming with Steve Clemons; Good 
Housekeeping with Zee Krstic; WHUR 96.3 FM DMV/ HBCU Network with Harold 
Fisher;WJLB 97.9 Detroit with Bushman; WNYM (FOX-NYC) TV with Lori Stokes;
July 20, 2022
I just had an important conversation with Rochelle in which I related to her the 
conversation that I had last night with Carlos Del Rio in which Carlos articulated that there's 
a great deal of concern and agitation in the gay community, which I already am aware of, 
regarding the difficulty in getting TPOXX for the treatment of monkey pox. I decided to call 
Rachel and give her a heads up that the community is really starting to get very agitated to the 
point that they may be attacking the administration and her and the FDA and all of us in the press 
if we don't do something soon to cut down the difficulty in getting TPOXX to those in need. I 
suggested to her that she and the FDA think in terms of doing something akin to the parallel 
track approach that I initiated decades ago during the HIV pandemic. She will look into this 
with her people.
I had a great meeting today in building 31 with Dr. Karl Lauterbach, the Minister of 
Health of Germany. He relied heavily very heavily on my advice about how to handle the 
decision about and distribution of booster shots for COVID in Germany. He is having some of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 979 ---
the same problems as we are having here in trying to decide what the correct booster should be in 
the fall. He has already ordered millions of doses of Moderna bivalent which is an omicron plus 
ancestral as well as Pfizer which is a BA.4/5 bivalent plus ancestral. Moderna is obviously 
pushing their product, but Karl was very interested in what my opinion was. I told him that on 
the advice of me and others, the FDA has already authorized the bivalent of BA.4/5 and ancestral 
for the full dose. It is now up to the CDC and teir ACIp to make a recommendation f who 
“should” versus “may” receive the dose.
We also spoke about the tension regarding vaccinating people now who are at risk of severe 
complications given that there is a wave of infections in Germany as well as in the United States 
versus waiting until a more variant-specific boost is available in the fall. Germany is facing the 
same dilemma as we are in that some people in Germany are arguing in a very similar way to 
Paul Offit who is saying that we should not be vaccinating people now. Paul is smart and a good 
friend but he is a victim of what I consider making the perfect the enemy of the good. From a 
purely immunological standpoint it is obviously not optimal to have a boost now (ancestral) and 
require an even better boost (bivalend BA.4/5 + ancestral) just a couple of months down the pike. 
However, you have to balance the public health benefit  of getting some form of vaccine to 
people who are at risk for infection and severe disease now compared to the relatively minor 
negative effects of giving a vaccine shot now followed in 2 to 3 months by a vaccine shot with a 
better boost. I was surprised that bloggers such as Paul Offit  have a major impact globally. Karl 
mentioned to me that he and his colleagues listen very carefully to what I say and it would be 
very helpful to them to hear what I am telling him today and that I agree completely with him 
since he is absolutely in the same lane as I  as well as many of my NIH colleagues including 
Rick Koup and others. It was a very stimulating conversation and I was on my A game. 
We then went on to discuss the issue of monkeypox. According to Karl monkey pox is out of 
control in Germany and similar to what we are seeing in the United States the gay community is 
very frustrated with the lack of as many vaccines as they need as well as the lack  of easy access 
to antivirals. They seem to be having no trouble with diagnostics which are plentiful. I explain to 
him that our situation is very similar here in the United States. The conversation ended with him 
wanting to take a picture with me since his daughter who is 15 years old apparently is a great fan 
of mine. We exchanged cell phone numbers and he promised me that he would be calling me 
frequently.
John Laureman (Bloomberg) wrote a very nice laudation of me today:
An Early Farewell to America’s Top Pandemic 
Expert
July 21, 222
Harassment from the far right continues:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 980 ---
Rand Paul Sends Message To Fauci: You’ll Have To Testify Under Oath If GOP 
Wins.
Fox News (7/20, 23.99M) reports, “Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., issued a warning to Dr. Anthony Fauci: If 
the GOP takes back Congress in the midterms, be prepared to testify under oath regarding the 
coronavirus pandemic.” On Wednesday, he argued on “America Reports” that “the American people 
deserve the truth and answers on whether there was a cover-up for a lab leak in China.” 
President Biden tested positive today (Thursday)!   Tested negative on Tuesday, went to 
Boston on Wednesday; had mild sxs this AM and tested positive.  
https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/Letter-7.21.pdf
Obvious media storm.   He has mild sxs.   My only concern in the way that his MD (Kevin 
O’Connor) is treating him is that he D/C’d his Eliquis and Lipitor.   I do not care about the 
Lipitor, but I am very concerned about the discontinuing completely of the Eliquis. The president 
has a atrial fibrillation and I would have merely lowered his dose to 1/2 the dose rather than 
completely discontinuing it because of my concern about him throwing analysis in getting a 
stroke. I mentioned this to a sheesh during a briefing called this evening since we are all going 
on television tomorrow.
Couple of interesting things related to the infection of the president. 1) I called up Kevin 
O'Connor who is the physician to the president and got a briefing from him for the simple 
reason then when I go out on TV and I'm asked whether or not I have been consulted with it 
would be rather embarrassing to say that they did not call the so-called most famous infectious 
diseases expert in the world, who happens to also be the chief medical advisor to the president. I 
explained to Kevin my concern about the anticoagulation. He understood my concern and said 
that he has started the president on low dose aspirin which is a good thing. Kevin explained that 
the president was negative for an antigen test on Tuesday, did not sleep well on Wednesday 
evening,  and woke up on Thursday predominantly with fatigue. Tested himself on a routine 
basis which for him is 2 to three times per week. The test came back positive, confirmed by a 
PCR. Throughout the day he then began to get sniffles, at first a dry cough and then a loose 
cough. His temperature rose to 99.4 F, which came back to normal with tylenol. His oxygen 
saturation was 97 to 98%. He was resting reasonably comfortably when Kevin left him tonight. 
2)  We had a meeting with the comms people and Ashish Jha this late afternoon in preparation 
for media requests tomorrow. I was under the impression that they were going to spread out the 
request for morning shows between Ashish and me. I found out later in the evening that all the 
morning shows will go to Ashish and they will give me regional meeting in the afternoon. As 
mentioned several times above it is very clear that Ashish is trying to dominate the media scene 
with regard to COVID-19 and is telling his staff to lead me out of the major media hits. Again, 
he does a good job but it is a bit of Bush league to do that. I have asked Courtney to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 981 ---
communicate with the White House calms people and two in a very nice way ask them just what 
is going on here.
Monkeypox continues to spread throughout the world.  15,000 cases worldwide  in 70 
countries; >2000 in USA:
Monkeypox Virus Infection in Humans
across 16 Countries — April–June 2022
J.P. Thornhill, S. Barkati, S. Walmsley, J. Rockstroh, A. Antinori, L.B. Harrison,
R. Palich, A. Nori, I. Reeves, M.S. Habibi, V. Apea, C. Boesecke,
L. Vandekerckhove, M. Yakubovsky, E. Sendagorta, J.L. Blanco, E. Florence,
D. Moschese, F.M. Maltez, A. Goorhuis, V. Pourcher, P. Migaud, S. Noe,
C. Pintado, F. Maggi, A.-B.E. Hansen, C. Hoffmann, J.I. Lezama, C. Mussini,
A.M. Cattelan, K. Makofane, D. Tan, S. Nozza, J. Nemeth, M.B. Klein,
and C.M. Orkin, for the SHARE-net Clinical Group*
The activist community is very angry.   See Washington Post article:
Opinion 
The Biden administration’s monkeypox 
response has been a mess
By Gregg Gonsalves
July 21, 2022 at 3:56 p.m. EDT
PRESS: FOX “Good Day” NYC TV with Rosanna Scotto; WGN Chicago Radio with Peter 
McMurray and Rob Martier; 
July 22, 2022
Kevin O'Connor called me this morning at 10 48 AM to give me an update on the 
president's condition. He is quite stable has a slight fever up to 99F that is easily brought 
down by tylenol. He has a cough which started off as dry but now is a bit “loose” as 
described by Kevin which means it seems deeper in the chest. However, the president feels 
well enough to continue to work from the White House although he is a bit fatigued as you 
might expect. More later. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 982 ---
Letter from Kevin O’Connor to the USA – POTUS doing well:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 983 ---
The Guardian – Gay community in revolt about monkeypox.   Article about Peter Staley:
‘Nobody’s acting like this is an emergency’: Act 
Up veteran Peter Staley condemns US 
monkeypox response
Wilfred Chan
Rochelle has pleaded with me to back the CDC plan of distributing vaccine more on the 
basis of at risk population then on the actual number of cases since it is anticipated that 
with a variety of gay pride galas coming up including “Southern Decadence” among others 
that although there are not a lot of cases in the southern states including Louisiana, there 
will be soon and although New York City and other large cities but particularly in New 
York City is hammering the White House about the lines that there are to get vaccine in 
people who perceive themselves and in fact are practicing risk behavior even though they 
have not been in direct documented contact with an infected person. The White House is 
responding to the complaints of the gay community that the response to the monkeypox outbreak 
has been a terrible disaster (see above with Peter Staley) and they are pushing Rochelle and the 
secretary to distribute it favoring New York since they have the most cases. Rachel wants me 
and I agree to back her in making it a 75% on risk and 25% on cases whereas the White House 
wants the distribution to be 25% on risk and 75% on cases. I believe that this is short sighted 
because we are quickly going to see areas that do not have a lot of cases now but will very soon 
not having enough vaccine to prevent the outbreak. I was very forceful in the zoom call with the 
secretary and the HHS team in saying that I would back Rochelle; however, we must have the 
flexibility of apportioning doses to the at risk locations in small allocations so that if they don't 
use them we will not have given them all of their doses at one time and thus cannot recall them 
to give them to cities and locations that actually have a large number of cases. Once you send 
doses to a location, by FDA regulations, you can't pull them back and send them somewhere 
else. And so smaller allocations are the answer. Whether or not Ron Klain will accept this is a 
big question. He is very interested in the political blowback from New York. This is 
understandable since he is a politician but he is not looking at it from a purely public health 
standpoint. I was very forceful with the HHS team when the comms people were suggesting that 
we explain this gap that we have in availability of vaccines on the lack of funding. I told the 
secretary on the zoom that I have to be frank with them, but I thought that this would be a total 
disaster since that is an excuse and not an explanation and the  gay community would kill them 
for making excuses. I mentioned that we had to own the problem and tell them that it would have 
been nice to have all the doses that everybody needed, but the fact is we don't have all the doses 
and therefore we will do everything we can to get as many doses to people as we can in an 
equitable manner. Bottom line is that I told them what I told the Trump administration, and that 
is the only way to solve a problem is to first own the problem.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 984 ---
Was on multiple TV shows (see below). One of the things that came up was why the 
president's physician, doctor Kevin O'Connor, was not out there describing the president's 
condition. I answered that I was not in the loop and I did not know why. However it is very clear 
as mentioned above and as confirmed by Dori Solcido that Ashish really wants the spotlight and 
wants to be the one talking about the president's condition. I consider that an unforced error 
because that's what the press is going to focus on that we are hiding something. I do not want to 
get into that seen Ashish wanting to essentially be on every single possible major TV show, but 
that's the way it is. Also, the White House was concerned that Kevin mentioned that the 
president had a temperature of 99.4F. the temp responded very well to Tylenol and I brought up 
too Dory as to how foolish it is to get upset because Kevin mentioned his temperature. It is the 
perfectly normal thing to have a low grade temperature with a upper respiratory infection. Even 
though this White House is a good White House they're concerned about message control is ill 
advised and they are only making unforced errors. 
I spoke again tonight (10:00 PM) with Kevin O'Connor and he brought me up to date on 
the President's condition. He still requires Tylenol to keep his temperature down. He is very 
comfortable and even played some golf on the putting range in the White House outside because 
he was getting a little bit cabin fever. According to Kevin he continues to improve, but Kevin is 
concerned about Paxlovid rebound and is considering giving him eight days of the drug. He 
wanted my opinion as to whether or not that was a good idea. I am ambivalent about this since 
there will be a lot of blowback about why he was treated differently than the recommendations. 
Cliff lane would not treat him for an extra few days but would take the chance that he was going 
to rebound. I will recheck with Kevin tomorrow.
I had a long talk with Raj Panjabi (NSC) who sought my advice about how to deal with the 
activist group who feel that he is lying to them and that they have lost confidence in his ability to 
give them straight information. I mentioned to Raj that he needs to be straight with the activists 
and put himself in their shoes where they are looking at hundreds of millions of dollars invested 
in a product to be put in this row tegic national stockpile, and now that we need that product it is 
not available to the gay community. They are outraged and all he and his colleagues are doing is 
making excuses for it (see above about owning the problem).  I made it clear to Raj and cannot 
have his comms person speak to Peter Staley, David Barr, and James Krellenstein et al.  he must 
do it himself otherwise it would be showing disrespect to the activists. Raj was extremely 
grateful for my tutoring of him in this regard.
PRESS:  CBS Livestream Online; NY1 Spectrum News TV with Kevin Frey; Alice Park 
with Time magazine; ABC World New Tonight; NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt; CNN 
“The Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer; FOX News with Brett Baier; MSNBC “The Beat” 
with Ari Melber; KMOJ FM (Minneapolis) with Freddie Bell; Univision National 
with Andrea Linares; Telemundo National with unknown
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 985 ---
July 23, 2022
Yesterday I spoke with dawn O'Connell and told her that I would be very much in favor of 
the secretary declaring a public health emergency for monkeypox. She is now running it up 
the chain to see what others think about that..
I had my usual call this morning with Kevin O'Connor, the president's physician. It was a 
disturbing call because Kevin told me that Ashish is really trying to manipulate what Kevin 
says regarding the health of the president and Kevin is starting to get very aggravated by 
this. For example, Ashish did not want Kevin to mention that the president's temperature 
was 99.4F  because then that would be a topic for the news discussion. That is completely 
ridiculous because it is totally expected that someone with a URI would have a mild 
temperature responsive to Tylenol. In addition, Ashish did not like the use of the word 
“malaise” which was the exact word the president used to describe how he felt. Ashish was 
afraid that that word would bring up recall of president Jimmy Carter and the negative 
response that the country had to his describing “malaise” in the country. And then finally 
in today's report Kevin wanted to put in a new symptom that the president complained of 
which was muscle aches, an entirely understandable symptom that has nothing to do with 
progression of disease. They insisted that he not add that. Kevin pushed back and said that 
he would not sign off on anything if they force him to hold back on what the true symptoms 
are.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 986 ---
Call from Larry Horowitz regarding Ron Klain saying to him (Larry) that the President 
wants to make some changes since Health area (COVID/MPX) is not going well.   
“Someone needs to get fired.”   Primary target is Becerra, but they feel that they cannot 
fire him since they never would get a replacement confirmed in he Senate.   Next in line in 
Rochelle.  They really are disappointed with Rochelle and want to fire her.   They asked 
Larry for suggestions for replacements.   Larry called me about this.   He suggests Mark 
McLellan or Anne Schuchat.   Wants names from me.  Larry also called Jeff Z.   They do 
not know that Jeff is working with me regarding my stepping down.   Could get 
complicated.  I called Jeff and we discussed the situation.   See below my discussion the 
next day (Sunday) with Jeff.
Had a long conversation with Jeff about the above issue concerning firing someone at 
HHS/CDC. Similar to the situation that I faced years ago with Secretary Burwell wanting 
to fire Tom Frieden because of poor performance with Ebola where I defended Tom, I 
found myself defending Rochelle. Rochelle is a wonderful person, but she does not have 
control over her agency and she has to learn to balance the politically expedient thing while 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 987 ---
still maintaining solid scientific principles. The problem is she relies too heavily on the 
entrenched people at CDC who are smart and will meaning but who have no oversight or 
quality control from the outside. This allows them to proceed with somewhat antiquated  if 
not ossified ideas. As the discussion went the options were to fire Secretary Becerra; 
however, this would be very difficult since it would be tough to get a Senate confirmation 
for a secretary within a relatively acceptable period of time. The other option is to fire 
Rochelle, but now is not the time to do that and it would be against my recommendation. 
One of the points that Jeff made is that they are considering in a humane way to ask 
Rochelle to step down at the end of the year before the beginning of the second-half of the 
first term. Despite my trying to protect Rochelle there is a very good chance that that will 
happen. 
Kevin O’Connor continues to call me 2x/day. The president continues to improve and is 
completed his 4th day on Paxlovid.  .He was out for four hours today by the pool doing 
reading work. The next big question is whether to give him eight days or 10 days instead of 
five days of pax livid. That would be a problem since it would be against FDA 
authorization and the public would cry out that we had treating him differently than other 
people. the concern on the part of the White House is that if he rebounds after he is 
negative for several days, he will likely be out talking and mingling with people. If he 
infects someone following an inadvertent rebound, he will be blamed for infecting other 
people. My suggestion would be to treat him for five days have him stay in the White House 
virtually for an additional five days testing him everyday if he turns negative as soon as he 
turns negative send him out even if it's before the 10 day. And have him wear a mask in 
order to avoid him inadvertently infecting people if he rebounds, I would just test him 
every morning before he gets up and goes out to meet with people. If he is negative he will 
be OK, if he is positive continued isolating.
Emergency phone call among HHS people (Becerra, Dawn et al) regarding convincing 
POTUS (and Ron) to declare a Public Health Emergency (PHE) for MPX.   Becerra says 
that POTUS will rely heavily on my opinion.  Problem is that they are concerned that if you 
declare a PHE for monkey pox then why not declare it for gun violence or for reproductive 
rights. That sounds very much like the negativistic attitude of RON.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 988 ---
PRESS: ABC “Good Morning America” Weekend; CBS Mornings (Weekend); CNN “New 
Day” Weekend; Fox News with Neil Cavuto
July 24, 2022
Kevin O’Connor continues to call me 2x/day. The President continues to improve and is 
completed his 4th day (Sunday) on Paxlovid.  He was out for four hours today by the pool 
doing reading work. The next big question is whether to give him eight days or 10 days 
instead of five days of Paxlovid. That would be a problem since it would be against FDA 
authorization and the public would cry out that we had treating him differently than other 
people. The concern on the part of the White House is that if he rebounds after he is 
negative for several days, he will likely be out talking and mingling with people. If he 
infects someone following an unrecognized rebound, he will be blamed for infecting other 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 989 ---
people. My suggestion would be to treat him for five days, have him stay in the White 
House virtually up to an additional five days testing him everyday. If he turns negative, as 
soon as he turns negative send him out even if it's before the 10 day period. And have him 
wear a mask in order to avoid him inadvertently infecting people if he rebounds, I would 
be OK, if he is positive continued isolating.
Had long conversation with Ashish who was asking my advice. He started off the 
conversation by saying that the White House continues to have a lot of problems with 
Rochelle, the latest of which was the apportionment of vaccine doses.   (See discussion 
above about strong consideration of asking her to step down).   Ashish said that Ron wants 
my take on the situation with Rochelle/CDC and the distribution of vaccine doses.  She 
wants to divide the vaccines for monkey pox according to the formula of 25% according to 
cases and 75% according to risk. This is something that we had discussed yesterday in a 
call with the secretary. During that call I promised that I would back Rochelle's proposal 
because of the fact that if they do not distribute more, namely 75%, according to risk, when 
we have outbreaks related to “Southern Decadence” and other gay pride functions we will 
not have vaccine in place to counter it. However Ron Klain is adamant that he does not 
want vaccines shipped to locations in which there are few cases and when they do not get 
cases or they do not administer vaccine to their case countthat the vaccine goes to waste 
(you cannot reship vaccine). I made the following point to the secretary yesterday and I 
repeated it word for word to Ron today. I would be supportive of a 25% for cases and 75% 
for risk distribution only if the jurisdictions that received the 75% for risk are given the 
vaccines in small apportionments. For example if they were scheduled to get 400 vaccines, 
you would give them 100 and tell them that if they don't use that 100 expeditiously the next 
shipment of 100 would not be given to them but would be given to a jurisdiction that has a 
high number of cases. I explained this to Ron when he called me today and told him that 
that would be my position. He said that Ron is very interested in what I would do and that 
this would hold a great deal of weight in the discussions that we will have tomorrow, which 
is Monday. 
Had a long conversation with Jeff about the above issue concerning firing someone at 
HHS/CDC. Similar to the situation that I faced years ago with Secretary Burwell wanting 
to fire Tom Frieden because of poor performance with Ebola where I defended Tom, I 
found myself defending Rochelle. Rochelle is a wonderful person, but she does not have 
control over her agency and she has to learn to balance the politically expedient thing while 
still maintaining solid scientific principles. The problem is she relies too heavily on the 
entrenched people at CDC who are smart and will meaning but who have no oversight or 
quality control from the outside. This allows them to proceed with somewhat antiquated  if 
not ossified ideas. As the discussion went the options were to fire Secretary Becerra; 
however, this would be very difficult since it would be tough to get a Senate confirmation 
for a secretary within a relatively acceptable period of time. The other option is to fire 
Rochelle, but now is not the time to do that and it would be against my recommendation. 
One of the points that Jeff made is that they are considering in a humane way to ask 
Rochelle to step down at the end of the year before the beginning of the second-half of the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 990 ---
first term. Despite my trying to protect Rochelle there is a very good chance that that will 
happen. 
Kevin O’Connor continues to call me 2x/day. The president continues to improve and is 
completed his 4th day on Paxlovid.  He was out for four hours today by the pool doing 
reading work. The next big question is whether to give him eight days or 10 days instead of 
five days of pax livid. That would be a problem since it would be against FDA 
authorization and the public would cry out that we had treating him differently than other 
people. the concern on the part of the White House is that if he rebounds after he is 
negative for several days, he will likely be out talking and mingling with people. If he 
infects someone following an inadvertent rebound, he will be blamed for infecting other 
people. My suggestion would be to treat him for five days have him stay in the White House 
virtually for an additional five days testing him every day if he turns negative as soon as he 
turns negative send him out even if it's before the 10 day. And have him wear a mask in 
order to avoid him inadvertently infecting people if he rebounds, I would just test him 
every morning before he gets up and goes out to meet with people. If he is negative he will 
be OK, if he is positive continued isolating. 
Of note, Ashish states that he wants Kevin to go up in front of the cameras to describe the 
President's condition, but it is Ron who does not want him to go up as well as Karine Jean-
Pierre.  That is interesting because I am hearing that it is Ron who does not want Kevin to 
get up in front of a camera. 
PRESS: MSNBC with Jonathan Capehart
July 25, 2022
Spoke with Kevin O'Connor again this morning and evening. the president is doing 
extremely well and continues to improve. He we'll complete his fifth day of Paxlovid today. 
The next question will be when he can go out into society. I have a phone call with Ashish 
this afternoon and I will recommend that we not give him additional days of drug but that 
we have him stay masked inside for 5 days or until he tests negative by antigen test. They 
are concerned about rebound; however, I have told them that if he tests every morning for 
five to 10  days after his Paxlovid course ends and he does not show any positivity, he can 
go out that day and proceed with business. That would be much more acceptable to the 
general public then to give him an extra few days of drug which would not actually 
guarantee that he does not rebound.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 991 ---
PRESS:   The Hill “Rising”; CBC Radio with Robin Bresnahan;
July 26, 2022
Continuing my twice per day discussion with Kevin O'Connor regarding the president's 
condition.  The POTUS Is doing very well and improving substantially each day. Today is 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 992 ---
one day following the termination of his  Paxlovid therapy and his CT level is 35 which 
means that he has very little replication competent virus in his nasopharynx. He feels very 
well and we had a long discussion this evening with Kevin, Ashish Jha, and Ron Klain as to 
what the presidents activities could be looking forward. He tested negative today by antigen 
test and has a very nice CT level as mentioned above. The White House staff is concerned 
about possible rebound and I made a suggestion that he stay masked and in isolation until 
he gets two negative antigen tests in a row. After that he can go out and do duties on the 
outside provided that he does not travel and that he wears a mask. I would test him 
intimately a few times a week to see if he rebounds. It became clear to me that Ron Klain 
and the president rely heavily upon my advice but what to do with the president's 
condition. I have developed a very good relationship with Kevin O'Connor and he calls me 
twice a day.
We had some serious discussions with secretary Becerra about having a consistent message 
about the distribution of the monkey pox vaccine. See above about the concern of having 
vaccine in places that are not being utilized well there are lines in other jurisdictions. I 
supported the CDC recommendation of distributing the vaccine with 75% to risk areas and 
25% to actual cases so long as individual jurisdictions utilize the vaccine. The CDC will 
send out the vaccine in tranches that will not be followed up with more vaccine until the 
jurisdiction actually utilizes the vaccine so that we don't have unused doses in one area and 
demands more than supply in another area.
We also discussed whether or not we should declare monkeypox a public health emergency. 
I argued strongly that we do that in order to send a signal to the MSM community that we are 
very serious about the situation that they find themselves under.
We had the vaccine summit today in the Indian treaty room of the executive office building. 
I gave a talk on the NIH research agenda. Also I did an enormous amount of press today which 
overlapped with a number of meetings with the White House as well as with secretary becerra. 
Big time stressed today and I feel it.
PRESS: CNN “New Day” with John Berman; MSNBC “Morning Joe”; NPR “All things 
Considered”; News Nation Now TV; MSNBC “The Reid Out” with Jason Johnson
July 27, 2022
Paper in Nature today validates my disagreement with the CDC last year when Vivek and I 
pushed back against their saying that you do not need to test after 5 days of isolation after 
infection since most of the transmissions occur in the first few days of infection and after 
day 10 you are OK (see prior notes):
How long is COVID infectious? What scientists 
know so far
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 993 ---
Those with SARS-CoV-2 are often advised to isolate for only a few days. But evidence is mounting that 
some people can continue to pass on the virus for much longer. 
• David Adam 
POTUS back to work.  The letter below is based on conversations I had last night with 
Ron, Kevin, Anita Dunn, Mike Donilon, etc.:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 994 ---
I was part of the opening panel of the introduction of the UN aids report very beginning of 
the  IAS meeting in Montreal. The name of the report presented by Winnie Byanyima (Exec 
Director of UNAIDS) is “In Danger”.   Also on the panel was John Nkengasong (PEPFAR), 
Adeeba Kamarulzaman (President of IAS), Andriy Klepikov (Dir. Alliance for Public Health in 
Ukraine, Keren Dunaway, International Community of Women Living with HIV, Anita 
Vandenbald Canadian MP.
AP reporting on the above:
People are exhausted with epidemics and pandemics,” said Dr. Anthony Fauci, the U.S. government’s 
leading AIDS expert. “We have to fight twice as hard to get HIV back on the radar screen where it 
belongs.”
Yesterday it was a little bit of a distributing and embarrassing situation where Raj Panjabi 
piggy-backed his own little mini session on monkey pox right after Vaccine summit at the White 
House at the very last minute without letting dawn or Connell know until literally I have to now 
will before he was asking her to speak. bottom line is it all is that although everyone agrees that 
Raj is a really good guy and his heart is in the right place he is really over his head in his job at 
the NSC in charge of pandemic preparedness. Dawn believes that the White House is well aware 
of that and that is the reason why they are appointing any “Monkeypox Tsar”
Washington Post:
The Fauci ‘ouchie’ was a near miracle. We 
need another. 
By the Editorial Board
July 27, 2022 at 2:51 p.m. EDT
Variety:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 995 ---
Dr. Fauci, Roberta Flack and Zora Neale 
Hurston Documentaries on the Way, PBS Boss 
Announces 
Went to a terrific social function at the incredible home of Adrienne Arsht at 6 Chevy 
Chase Circle.   It was a cabaret night where American Pops Orchestra founder/leader had a 
contest played old songs and had the audience guess the singer.   I thought that I might win since 
I got only 2 wrong, but Renee Fleming won with an even better score.   Had interesting 
conversation with Brett Baier where he finally admitted that the 2 recent Science papers by 
Worobey, Andersen, Rasmussen et al convince him that the lab leak theory is really not true.
PRESS:  New York Daily News interview with Tim Balk; NPR WBUR Boston with John 
Ringer; 
Dr. Anthony Fauci says government response 
to monkeypox must address anti-gay stigmas
Muri Assunção, New York Daily News
July 28, 2022
Cases and hospitalizations continue to rise slowly with very little increase in deaths.
I recommend to Becerra to declare PHE.
Monkeypox:
Global.health: 20,671 confirmed MPX cases, 42 suspected in 84 non-endemic countries. 
4600 in USA.   2 children infected in USA from mother who had sex with bisexual man
The Montreal Gazette concerning my comments (virtually at the UNAIDS report 
unveiling):
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases in the United 
States and chief medical adviser to U.S. President Joe Biden, said the UNAIDS report is “a reminder that 
the global plague” of HIV/AIDS “continues to rage,” even though much of our attention diverted to the 
global pandemic of COVID and now, monkeypox.
“All of us in the global HIV community must work to reach vulnerable communities,” he said, and the 
report is a reminder that “we can do better in this, the fifth decade of AIDS. The priority must be to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 996 ---
implement better treatment modalities, while improving and optimizing the next generation of 
interventions.”
The COVID pandemic and, now, monkeypox, mean “people are exhausted with epidemics and 
pandemics. We have to fight twice as hard to get HIV back on the radar screen, where it belongs,” Fauci 
said.
I was involved in a very difficult zoom cool this evening with Peter Marks. Rob Califf, 
Vivek, David Kessler, Julia Tierney (FDA), Hillary Marston, among others about the 
potential conflict that might occur tomorrow when Ashish has convinced the president to 
come out and say that anyone who's not been boosted recently should get boosted. 
However, we now know that both moderna and Pfizer will have the BA.5 bivalent boost 
available the first week of September. This will create a major messaging problem since we are 
telling people to get boosted with the vaccine that doesn't cover the current BA.5 variant when 
the actual variant-specific boost will be available 5 weeks from now. Somehow or other Ashish 
took the initiative to convince the president to say this without consulting with the FDA or the 
CDC. If these mixed messages go out it will be a major cluster. I tried to bring this up to them 
and suggested strongly that they have a zoom in the morning before any of these announcements 
are made in order to get a common message otherwise it will look like one of the worst mixed 
messages to come out in a long time. I'm starting to see right now the advantage of having Jeff as 
the coordinator since he understands the interactions among the different agencies of government 
whereas Ashish is smart, a very good communicator and is well meaning, but he is more about 
looking like he's taking the lead on things than coordinating. 
Later in the evening, I had dinner over jeff's and Mary’s house which was a great evening. 
Guests at the dinner besides Chris and I were: Susan Rice, Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin 
and his wife Charlene, Deb Harmon, Wally Adeyemo.  The discussion was very stimulating 
particularly Susan Rice telling us stories of her escapades during the Obama administration and 
secretary Austin telling us about the tension in his multiple responsibilities. One of those 
discussions of the night was the desire of Nancy Pelosi to go to Taiwan which everybody feels is 
a very bad idea given the geopolitical situation. However for some reason she feels she needs to 
go there and everyone seems to be against it.
July 29, 2022
See e-mail chain below regarding the confusion about mixed messages related to my note 
yesterday:
From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov> 
Sent: Friday, July 29, 2022 7:35 AM
To: Marks, Peter (FDA/CBER) <Peter.Marks@fda.hhs.gov>; Califf, Robert <RMC001@fda.hhs.gov>; 
Tierney, Julia (FDA/OC) <Julia.Tierney@fda.hhs.gov>; Tabak, Lawrence (NIH/OD) [E] 
<Lawrence.Tabak@nih.gov>; O'Connell, Dawn (OS/ASPR/IO) <Dawn.Oconnell@hhs.gov>; Levine, Rachel 
(HHS/OASH) <Rachel.Levine@hhs.gov>; Murthy, Vivek (HHS/OASH) <Vivek.Murthy@hhs.gov>; Kessler, 
David (HHS/IOS) <David.Kessler@hhs.gov>; Varrone, Michael (HHS/OGC) <Michael.Varrone@hhs.gov>; 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 997 ---
Roos, Jason (OS/ASPR/H-CORE) <Jason.Roos@hhs.gov>; Mahon, Barbara (CDC/DDID/NCIRD/OD) 
<bdm3@cdc.gov>; Goldstein, Robert (CDC/OD) <qyd2@cdc.gov>; Berger, Sherri (CDC/OD/OCS) 
<sob8@cdc.gov>; Marston, Hilary (FDA/OC) <Hilary.Marston@fda.hhs.gov>
Subject: RE: Confidential – Next Steps on Expanding Eligibility for Additional Booster
Team:
    I know that we are all struggling with this and trying to get it right, but I really 
have a problem with the 4/8/12 message. It is not that it is incorrect from a 
medical and/or immunological standpoint. It is that it will it be very confusing. I 
know that we are trying to save lives by getting people vaccinated and boosted; 
however,  for the overwhelming most part, the people who are going to get 
vaccinated (particularly the elderly) are already vaccinated and I am not sure how 
much we are going to move the needle in getting the “unboosted” to get boosted 
when we are simultaneously saying that in 5 weeks we will have a much better 
and more specific vaccine.   That is an inherently confusing message that would 
be counterproductive. Right now if we were three months away or even two 
months away from a variant specific boost I could see making a big push to get 
people boosted now. However, starting with Monday we will be five weeks away 
from a variant specific boost. If we want to have one cogent prevailing message it 
is that we have a very important boost that will be available in five weeks. The 
message should be focused on that. Anything that confuses that will work against 
us. Just my take….
Thanks,
Tony
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 998 ---
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain sensitive 
information.  It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended recipient.  If you 
have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it from your mailbox or any 
other storage devices.  The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not 
accept liability for any statements made that are the sender's own and not expressly made on 
behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.  
From: Marks, Peter <Peter.Marks@fda.hhs.gov> 
Sent: Friday, July 29, 2022 6:58 AM
To: Califf, Robert <RMC001@fda.hhs.gov>; Tierney, Julia (FDA/OC) <Julia.Tierney@fda.hhs.gov>; Tabak, 
Lawrence (NIH/OD) [E] <lawrence.tabak@nih.gov>; O'Connell, Dawn (OS/ASPR/IO) 
<Dawn.Oconnell@hhs.gov>; Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>; Levine, Rachel 
(HHS/OASH) <Rachel.Levine@hhs.gov>; Murthy, Vivek (HHS/OASH) <Vivek.Murthy@hhs.gov>; Kessler, 
David (HHS/IOS) <David.Kessler@hhs.gov>; Varrone, Michael (HHS/OGC) <Michael.Varrone@hhs.gov>; 
Roos, Jason (OS/ASPR/H-CORE) <Jason.Roos@hhs.gov>; Mahon, Barbara (CDC/DDID/NCIRD/OD) 
<bdm3@cdc.gov>; Goldstein, Robert (CDC/OD) <qyd2@cdc.gov>; Berger, Sherri (CDC/OD/OCS) 
<sob8@cdc.gov>; Marston, Hilary (FDA/OC) <Hilary.Marston@fda.hhs.gov>
Subject: RE: Confidential – Next Steps on Expanding Eligibility for Additional Booster
Dear Rob,
Thanks. 
Perhaps the 4/8/12 messaging is going to be the best way to go then
At least 4 weeks if you are over fifty until next booster (I know the immunologist don’t love this, but 
there are different antigens in the booster and mRNA vaccines are not the same as protein based 
vaccines. This seems to balance the potential benefits and risks)
At least 8 weeks if your are under fifty 
At least 12 weeks if you recently had COVID
If you are immunocompromised, you will need to wait at least 4 weeks, but follow your healthcare 
providers recommendation
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 999 ---
Best Regards,
Peter
From: Califf, Robert <RMC001@fda.hhs.gov> 
Sent: Friday, July 29, 2022 6:26 AM
To: Tierney, Julia <Julia.Tierney@fda.hhs.gov>; Tabak, Lawrence A (NIH) <lawrence.tabak@nih.gov>; 
O'Connell, Dawn (OS) <Dawn.Oconnell@hhs.gov>; Fauci, Anthony S (NIH) <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>; 
Levine, Rachel (OS) <Rachel.Levine@hhs.gov>; Murthy, Vivek (OS) <Vivek.Murthy@hhs.gov>; Kessler, 
David A (OS) <David.Kessler@hhs.gov>; Varrone, Michael (OS) <Michael.Varrone@hhs.gov>; Roos, Jason 
(OS) <Jason.Roos@hhs.gov>; Mahon, Barbara (CDC) <bdm3@cdc.gov>; Goldstein, Robert H (CDC) 
<qyd2@cdc.gov>; Berger, Sherri (CDC) <sob8@cdc.gov>; Marks, Peter <Peter.Marks@fda.hhs.gov>; 
Marston, Hilary <Hilary.Marston@fda.hhs.gov>
Subject: Re: Confidential – Next Steps on Expanding Eligibility for Additional Booster
Had a good “Ashish session” late last night.  He is moving forward, but understands that the 
faster than expected timetable for bivalent vaccine is a really good thing.  He agreed that its 
critical that we reach agreement on the best set of words that capture the common ground 
that we want people to get boosted (now 5 RWE studies showing the big effect of even the 4th 
shot on reducing death and hospitalization), but with the bivalent imminent lower risk people 
have the good option of waiting.  For those who get boosted now—they can still get the 
bivalent in xx weeks.
From my view the only thing that will be bad for public health out of our options would be for 
us to have different messages.  All other options are a net positive in terms of reducing death 
and severe illness.
rmc
From: Julie Tierney <Julia.Tierney@fda.hhs.gov>
Date: Thursday, July 28, 2022 at 10:41 PM
To: Robert Califf <RMC001@fda.hhs.gov>, Lawrence Tabak <lawrence.tabak@nih.gov>, 
"O'Connell, Dawn (OS)" <Dawn.Oconnell@hhs.gov>, Tony Fauci <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>, Rachel 
Levine <Rachel.Levine@hhs.gov>, Vivek Murthy <Vivek.Murthy@hhs.gov>, David Kessler 
<David.Kessler@hhs.gov>, "Varrone, Michael (OS)" <Michael.Varrone@hhs.gov>, "Roos, Jason 
(OS)" <Jason.Roos@hhs.gov>, "Mahon, Barbara (CDC)" <bdm3@cdc.gov>, "Goldstein, Robert H 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1000 ---
(CDC)" <qyd2@cdc.gov>, "Berger, Sherri (CDC)" <sob8@cdc.gov>, Peter Marks 
<Peter.Marks@fda.hhs.gov>, "Marston, Hilary" <Hilary.Marston@fda.hhs.gov>
Subject: Confidential – Next Steps on Expanding Eligibility for Additional Booster
As a follow up, we’re still working through the FDA statement and will circle back tomorrow morning 
with next steps. Thanks for your patience. 
Had a very interesting conversation with the HHS team regarding a memo at the secretary 
will be sending to the president regarding the declaration of a public health emergency 
(PHE). the secretary expressed some concern about whether we should do that or not but his 
staff actually wrote a memo making it seem like he definitely wanted it I brought this out to them 
when I read quickly the memo while we were on the Zoom and the secretary requested that I 
can't fully look at the memo and make comments. I actually think we should definitely declare a 
PHE and I modify it the conclusion of the memo to be unambiguous about this. It was really 
strange that the secretary said he had reservations and his staff wrote a memo that strongly 
recommended that we do it. In my memo back to them I told them that they have to make up 
their mind one way or the other and have the memo strongly recommend what he actually wants. 
I rewrote the conclusion assuming that he will take my recommendation to declare it 
July 30, 2022 (Saturday)
Just got a call at 12 noon from Kevin O'Connor that the president has had a rebound with 
a positive antigen test today. He is asymptomatic. This is the real problem since there are no 
guidelines from the CDC which dictate what to do when you have someone who you are testing 
virtually every day. The CDC health advisory on what to do following a rebound after Paxlovid 
treatment does not mention testing at all. the duration of isolation is based purely on symptoms 
and time from resolution of symptoms. Here again it goes back to my objection many months 
ago of the guidelines the CDC put out about reentry into society following infection. I had 
insisted back then that even though it might not be practical for everyone to get testing and often 
people need to get back to work after five days, they still should have put some guidance in for 
people who can get tested period now we are flying in the dark. Ron Klain is going to want him 
out as soon as possible; however, given that he is known to now be antigen positive he has to 
isolate for five days and then the question will arise of how often to test him and if he is positive 
should he be let out even with a mask. Cliff Lane feels  strongly that he should be in isolation so 
long as he is antigen positive and can go out once he has two negative tests in a row.
Got a call from Ashish making sure that we are on the same page.   Also, he asked me if we 
should start a 2nd course of Paxlovid.   I told me not to unless the POTUS gets significant sxs
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1001 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1002 ---
Rep. Lauren Boebert (R-CO) spoke about a proposed rule that would lower Dr. Fauci's salary to $1.Stay 
ConnectedForbes on Facebook: ...
Flag as irrelevant 
*****Wall Street Journal piece by Peter Loftus on July 29, 2022 is critical in its historical 
portrayal of the interaction of NIAID and Moderna/Pfizer.   Important for the book!!
WSJ: The Partnership That Made the First U.S. Covid Vaccine
Gay community getting very agitated about that they perceive as the government’s slow 
response and resting the rapidly evolving multi pox outbreak:
Frustration builds in LGBTQ community over 
government response to monkeypox
Jen Christensen, CNN
12-15 minutes
July 31, 2022
I gave the special session plenary lecture at the International AIDS Society (IAS) meeting 
in Montreal via a virtual presentation. I have given a plenary lecture and virtually every one 
of the IAS meetings since 1984.  I reflected on what has transpired since the last meeting in 
Montreal which was in 1989. My presentation triggered a prolonged standing ovation from the 
audience. The session was chaired and moderated by Laura Waters of the UK.
The president remains antigen positive for the second day in a row following his rebound. 
His CT values are 16 to 18.  He has had no additional symptoms although he still has somewhat 
of a lingering cough. The plan is to keep him isolated until he asked two negative antigen tests in 
a row.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1003 ---
I got a call from Rochelle who is stuck in Amsterdam following the cancellation of her 
flight from Amsterdam to Washington. She is coming back from a trip to Uganda and Kenya. 
She thanked me profusely for sticking up for the CDC's decision about allocation of vaccines for 
monkey pox.
Got a call from Jen Ashton of ABC expressing concern about something that I have been 
almost obsessing about today and most recently. That is the fact that the public may be taking 
monkeypox too lightly assuming that it will stay confined to the population of men who have sex 
with men. In addition, we are doing nothing proactively to encourage people to cancel such 
events as  ”Southern Decadence” and Black gay pride galas. We are starting to see cases of 
spillover into non men who have sex with men populations. Also, there is so much that we do not 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1004 ---
know about the Natural History of this disease and with the potential is to spread beyond MSM. I 
will have to talk to people at HHS and the White House that we cannot under play this outbreak.  
Call from Francis Collins, Acting Science Advisor to POTUS regarding NIH Director 
Choice – Charles Sawyer at MSKCC. Francis wants me to talk to him about the possibility of his 
being considered for the job of NIH director. It is essentially a recruiting call that Francis wants 
me to have with Charles. Apparently the president is not satisfied with either of the two names 
that was submitted to him: Mary Klotman (Duke) and Kimryn Rathmell (Vanderbilt).
August 1, 2022
I have been somewhat concerned about Monkeypox the very beginning, but I am getting 
more and more concerned about it as time goes by. It clearly is spreading rapidly throughout 
the world the community of MSM with an estimated doubling time of about seven days; my 
concern is that we are all seeing some spray into the non-MSM communities such as the recent is 
very much bothering me is the continued plans to have MSM and gay pride galas at the same 
time that we are having acceleration of COVID as well as outbreaks of monkeypox (see above 
my conversation with Jen Ashton)
I got my usual follow up call from Kevin O'Connor regarding the President's condition. He 
is concerned that his viral load is going in the wrong direction, namely, his CT value went 
from 18/16 to 16/14.  He called me together with Walter Reed ID physician Wes Campbell to 
see if I agreed with them that they should not restart Paxlovid since the president does not have 
any new symptoms and his oxygen saturation is 98%.  His chest is clear despite the fact that he 
has his typical nagging cough that antedated his illness. I agreed with them that they should not 
start a second course of Paxlovid.
The administration will announce tomorrow that they are appointing a monkey pox 
Coordinator (Bob Fenton) and a Deputy Coordinator (Demetre Daskalakis). Clearly the 
response or at least the perception of the response of the government to monkeypox has not been 
good. They are hoping to reinvigorate the response by this appointment. Tonight, Kevin Munoz 
(WH Comms) called me and he asked me if it was OK to put a quote in the press release 
supporting this decision. The White House feels that because of my street credibility with the gay 
community that this would make the choice more acceptable. I agreed and provided a brief 
quote.
Overwhelming evidence of benefit of vaccines and boosts:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1005 ---
July 2, 2022 
*****Important debate going on that relates back to the conflict that I had with the CDC I 
was concerned that they did not call for antigen testing following infection before someone 
is able to go back out into society.    The president got infected, went on Paxlovid, and then 
rebounded. And so the question is when can he go back into society. Since he is the president 
and we test them every day he is staying isolated until his antigen test reverts to negative. At the 
same time, a number of papers including in the NEJM have shown that the median time of 
reversion to negative antigen test is actually five days and many people stay positive until day 
8,9,10 and beyond.  The CDC recommendations say that after five days since no requirement is 
made for testing (which I was very much against this decision and caused a ruckus by 
disagreeing with the CDC many months ago), A person can go out into society after five days 
with the mask so long as they have no symptoms. And after 10 days, if they still have no 
symptoms they can take their mask off. This obviously Will lead to people going out into society 
who are still antigen positive and are likely spreading the virus. That was my original concern 
when I disagreed with the CDC.
BA.5 now 86% of isolates in USA:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1006 ---
A lot of activity working with Rob at the FDA and Ashish and CDC to get the right 
messaging about recommendations for the booster in the fall.  The FDA would like to say 
that the bivalent BA.5 boost is significantly better then the mono valent ancestral strain 
boost.   There is a lot of pushback from the immunology community led by John Moore saying 
that the bivalent BA.5 boost is only marginally better then the monovalent ancestral strain. The 
data is somewhat confusing as explained below in an e-mail from Rick Koup to me. The debate 
is whether to ask people who are otherwise that low to moderate risk to get vaccinated now with 
the ancestral strain will wait until September when a supposedly much better boost is available. 
Most of us have no problem with low risk people waiting, however, I and others are concerned 
about overselling that the bivalent boost is much better then the ancestral boost, which is not the 
case I will list a couple of emails below that outline the dilemma:
From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Sent: Monday, August 1, 2022 6:53 PM
To: Califf, Robert <RMC001@fda.hhs.gov>
Cc: Murthy, Vivek (HHS/OASH) <Vivek.Murthy@hhs.gov>; Kessler, David (HHS/IOS) 
<David.Kessler@hhs.gov>; O'Connell, Dawn (OS/ASPR/IO) <Dawn.Oconnell@hhs.gov>; 
Ashish.K.Jha@who.eop.gov <ashish.k.jha@who.eop.gov>; Salcido, Dori A. EOP/WHO 
<Dori.Salcido@who.eop.gov>; Barclay, Lisa L. EOP/WHO <Lisa.L.Barclay@who.eop.gov>
Subject: Follow-up of our call 
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1007 ---
Rob:
    The point that I was making during the zoom call was that we should get the 
data which I believe is available that looks specifically at the titer of neutralizing 
antibody against BA.5 induced by the bivalent BA.5 boost versus the title of the 
neutralizing antibody against BA.5 induced by the monovalent ancestral boost. 
The reason I say we need that data at hand is because if we are going to say that 
the BA.5 bivalent boost is far superior to the ancestral boost and that is the 
reason should wait for it until the Fall, we better make sure that we have data 
that substantiates that.   This is important, since there are people out there saying 
that the BA.5 variant boost is really not that much different from the monovalent 
ancestral boost when you compare neutralizing antibody titers against BA.5.  If 
the data show that the BA.5 bivalent boost is only marginally better than the 
ancestral monovalent boost,  we should say that the bivalent is “somewhat” 
better and not make it look like the bivalent is a major advance. Having said all of 
that, I still believe that the scenario that we agreed upon as delineated in your not 
to me is sound.   I just do not want us to oversell how good and different the 
bivalent boost will be because this will trigger pushback from the immunology 
community.
Best regards,
Tony
------
From: Koup, Richard (NIH/VRC) [E] <rkoup@mail.nih.gov> 
Sent: Tuesday, August 2, 2022 9:08 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Cc: Lane, Cliff (NIH/NIAID) [E] <clane@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: RE: Follow-up of our call
Hi Tony,
Sorry about not getting back to you earlier.  I don’t know why I didn’t see this on my cell phone this 
morning.
There is no question that the bivalent BA4/5 will probably do better against BA4/5 than the current 
ancestral boost.  This is based upon circumstantial evidence, some of which is presented below.  (Mouse 
immunogenicity, infection with omicron).  The actual human data do not exist yet.  The best we have is 
from John Beigel in the mix and match study, which shows only a marginal increase in BA4/5 neut titers, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1008 ---
and which Peter Marks decided not to present at the VRBPAC, probably because the data did not 
support his desired outcome.
I think the problem is that the FDA wants to say that they have a better vaccine coming.  Instead, they 
should be saying that if people need vaccination now they should get the vaccine now.  As with all 
vaccines, they will be rolling out updated vaccines as they become available and when there are data to 
support the change.  People in need of vaccines now should not delay in hopes of getting a “better” 
vaccine.
John  Beigel can share his data with you.
Best,
Rick
Richard A. Koup, MD
Acting Director
Chief, Immunology Laboratory
Vaccine Research Center, NIAID, NIH
Tel: 301-594-8585
Fax: 301-480-2779
rkoup@mail.nih.gov
 
Had my twice daily follow up conversation with Kevin O'Connor regarding the condition 
of the president.  The POTUS continues to remain with minimal an unchanged symptomatology 
characterized by fatigue and his usual post nasal drip related cough. It is still rather concerning 
that his CT levels are still very low and have not come back reflecting a very high viral load. We 
maintain the decision discussed above about not treating a lab test and only reinstituting therapy 
if he has an exacerbation of symptoms.  I emphasized that he must be followed closely for 
return of significant sxs, which might trigger retreatment.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1009 ---
August 3, 2022
Spoke with Kevin O’Connor.   POTUS stable, but still Ag positive.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1010 ---
------------------------
Monkeypox spreading globally:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1011 ---
My comment in NY Times article by Sheryl Stolberg:
“Centering the response operation at the White House gives the 
administration more flexibility to coordinate efforts across a range of 
agencies that might be involved, including FEMA, the Health and 
Human Services Department and the Department of Homeland 
Security. It also creates a designated team that has no responsibilities 
other than to combat monkeypox — a move that makes sense”, said 
Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, Mr. Biden’s chief medical adviser.
NY Times keeps hammering HHS for slow response in getting vaccines out to the community 
for monkeypox.   Article by By Sharon LaFraniere, Noah Weiland and Joseph Goldstein:
NYT: “U.S. Could Have Had Many More Doses of Monkeypox Vaccine This Year”
I met with Rino Rappuoli in my office today. They are planning to make him the chief 
scientific officer of a pandemic preparedness program by the Italian government in Sienna.  Rino 
wants me, either before or after I leave the NIH to help them in an official way to set-up their 
program.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1012 ---
I gave an interview with Nate Silver about a book that he's writing about risks in society.
Rand Paul together with Roger Marshal, Rick Scott, Josh Hawley, Ron Johnson is holding 
a “hearing” on origins with the witnesses:  Richard Ebright (Lab Director Waksman Lab. Of 
Microbiology, Rutgers), Kevin Esvelt, (Assistant Professor of Media Arts and Sciences MIT 
Media Lab) and Steven Quay (CEO, Atossa Theapeutics) all totally non-credible.   Angel 
Rasmussen is blasting them on twitter as hacks.   Once per year the minority are allowed to call a 
hearing and so Paul et al are using this as a publicity stunt.   The majority has not even showed 
up.   It is a total farse.   I got a follow-up from Chase Crawford from my legislative staff who 
listened to the hearing and the result was expected in which Ebright came out strong saying that 
we did do gain of function and that I lied Quay also said that. However Esvelt said that some 
may call this gain of function whereas other scientists would say it's not since gain of function is 
such an ill defined term. He came the closest to reality. The rest of them would just pounding 
away that NIH funded gain of function and it likely caused the outbreak and that I lied saying 
that we did not.
COVID:
August 4, 2022
The Wrap:
Fox News host Tucker Carlson continued to imply that infectious disease expert and 
White House advisor Dr. Anthony Fauci somehow is responsible for creating the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1013 ---
coronavirus pandemic during Wednesday night’s episode of “Tucker Carlson 
Tonight.”
*****Critically important issue with CDC.  Usual problem The CDC surprised us all by 
announcing that they are going to come out tomorrow with an updating of their guidelines 
across several areas including how one addresses getting back in to the public after a bout 
of COVID. The updated recommendations that they give are really inherently inconsistent. 
A number of things about them are troublesome, but the one that really stands out is the 
fact that they say that if you are infected you must isolate for five days and if you decide to 
test and have tests available you cannot go out into society with positive tests until after day 
10. If you test negative for two days in a row within the 10 day period, you can go out into 
society but you still have to wear a mask until day 10.  Importantly and disturbingly, if you 
test positive on day 10 since you have already reached the 10 day mark you can then still go 
out into society without a mask!!!!  On the other hand,  if you decide not to test at all, on 
day five you can go out into society with a mask and then on day 10 after day 10 you could 
take the mask off without knowing whether you're positive or not.  This seems just so 
inherently inconsistent that it's going to be very difficult to explain that to the public.
When Ashish heard that this was going to be announced tomorrow he demanded that 
Rochelle brief us on it tonight. When she did it became clear that the above contradictions 
existed (see above). Prior to that meeting,  Rochelle called me up during the day and tried 
to explain what they were doing and it immediately didn't make any sense to me. I called 
up Cliff and he agreed with me. They seem to think that a positive test on day 10 doesn't 
necessarily mean that you're dangerous to go out into society because you should really be 
not infective after day 10 when in fact if you have a documented positive antigen test on 
day 10 all the data indicate that you definitely are transmissible since a positive antigen test 
means that you have replication competent virus. And so, the recommendations for those 
who cannot test because they don't have access to test are inherently contradictory to the 
recommendations for those who can test. This is going to drive Ron Klain completely crazy. 
In fact, Ashish called me up and said that Ron Klain is already so furious with Rochelle 
(even before he has heard this) that he fears that her job is in serious danger.
Covid perhaps plateauing:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1014 ---
POTUS continues to improve:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1015 ---
William Patrick Connelly, Jr who threatened me and my family goes to jail.   This is the 
guy yhat Brett Rowland tracked down.   See Washington Post article:
West Virginia man sentenced for threats 
against Fauci, officials Thomas Patrick Connally, Jr., 
was sentenced to more than three years in federal prison
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1016 ---
COVID cases:
United States 
• Total Cases: 91,676,264, 7-Day average: 117,351 (-7.3%)
• Total Deaths: 1,027,370, 7-Day average: 378 (-4.9%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,078,893, 7-Day average 6,112 (-4.4)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 578,142,444 ( 972,954 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,405,080 (2,491 new)
PRESS:  MSNBC Black/Hispanic Journalists Fireside chat with Alicia Menendez;
August 5, 2022
Met with Hans Kluge – WHO Regional Director for Europe.   He is seeking my advice on 
multiple issues such as COVID, MPX, and vaccine related polio.   He said the Europeans 
rely very heavily on my opinion:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1017 ---
Heard from Rochelle last night.   Latest decision is that they wil hold off on the above 
announcement.  Had meeting with Bruce Tromberg, Rochelle, Robbie Goldstein and CDC 
folks together with FDA folks (Rob Califf and team) and Steve Sha to try to get an 
agreement about guidelines for testing for isolation/quarantine when to stop 
isolation/masking, etc.   We are coming to an agreement that is not perfect, but that is 
workable.   Had another Zoom with the same team + Dawn O’Connell to explain to her our 
POTUS still positive on day 7 following rebound.
****Had a really major victory today resulting from a great collaboration between FDA, 
CDC, BARDA, me and John Beigel who was responsible for the design of a trial that would 
confirm that the study published in the journal Vaccine in 2015 by Frey et al and Bob 
Belshe showed that 1/5 the dose of the MVA  monkey pox vaccine administered 
intradermally was as effective as a full dose of the subcutaneous administration.  When we 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1018 ---
made this known to Bavarian Nordic (BN), lower level marketing people in the company 
objected strenuously, very likely because they saw this as a diminution in the need for full 
doses. Amazingly, they distorted the data and tried to marshal congressional support for 
blocking the use of the doses in the 1/5 dilution intradermally. This was an egregious 
attempt to interfere with the sound public health maneuver. To make a long story short 
when John Beigel showed all the data from the 2015 paper come it became clear that this 
was a very important way to expand the number of doses that were available. We finally 
got the leadership of BN to agree to continue to ship us the doses since their lower level 
people as indicated above were trying to block shipment in order to prevent us from 
distributing the vaccine in the 1/5 dilution. After much discussion with the FDA, we finally 
convinced them to issue an emergency use authorization (EUA) for the administration of 
the MVA vaccine in the1/5 intraderma; dilution. This is a major victory for the prevention 
of monkey pox because it turns 300,000 doses into 1.5 million doses and 1,000,000 doses 
into 5,000,000 doses. I consider this one of the major victories that I was a part of in trying 
to expedite the response to monkey pox.
PRESS:  WTOP Podcast with Luke Garrett & Megan Cloherty; CNN with Erica Hill; 
MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell;
August 6, 2022
Continued drama now involving Larry Horowitz calling me up talking about how angry 
Ron Klain is at Rochelle for wanting to come out with a statement that the vaccines do not 
protect against infection at all. I have to look at the data but I think that although 
protection against true infection is low to modest at best, it is not zero and so I cannot 
figure out, and I am sure that this is what is bugging Ron, why the CDC needs to put that 
statement out now exactly at the time when we are pushing people to get the new BA.5 
variant in early to mid-September. 
August 7, 2022 (Sunday)
Long conversations with the CDC team (Sherri Berger; Rochelle), Steve Sha, Vivek, 
Kessler to get the wording correct on the condition to end isolation regarding testing and 
masking.
August 8, 2022
For some time now the issue of  ”Long COVID”  has been gaining momentum with much 
frustration in the community since recent studies showed that up to 20% of people develop 
more COVID following infection. Senator Tom Kaine (D-VA) has been a strong advocate 
for support since he is suffering for well over a year from long COVID characterized by 
dysesthesias.  The NIH has been given $1.15 Billion to study long COVID. However, I have 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1019 ---
been very disappointed in the initiatives that have been brought forth under the leadership 
of NHLBI with Gary Gibbons and Amy Patterson as well as Walter Koroshetz.   Rachel 
Levine is now been given the leadership for this at HHS.  Recent description:
  Politico:
Tim Kaine has long Covid. That’s not moving Congress to act.
While Kaine and other Democrats in the House and Senate are pushing for action, they have 
failed to gain meaningful momentum due to lack of GOP support.
We had important conversations with activists James Krellenstein, Gregg 
Gonsalves, Peter Staley and Emily Bass regarding MPX vaccination.   Peter alerted 
me today that James and other activists are concerned about misrepresenting the effective of the 
1/5 approach to Jynneos (see above).   I put together a hastily arranged Zoom at 12:45 PM to get 
us together and figure out what the problem is.  The problem is that the activists are concerned 
that the data are not strong that 1/5 the dose of Jynneos intrasdermally (ID) will be protective.  
their argument is a bit inconsistent since the antibody titers induced by Jynneos  ID are exactly 
equivalent to a full dose delivered subcutaneously (SC). The activists do not seem to be 
concerned about the efficacy of the SC dose, but they are concerned that we might be overselling 
the efficacy of the 1/5 dose. This may be an example of their making the perfect being the enemy 
of the good. It is much better to have some vaccine rather than no vaccine and so we needed to 
settle what their concern was since the FDA will be issuing tomorrow an EUA for the 1/5 ID 
dose.  I got the activists on the zoom with Cliff, John Beigel, and me and we hashed it out. Peter 
Staley was agreeing with us and we finally got James and Gregg to come to the agreement that it 
is best to go ahead with the 1/5 ID program at the same time as trying to get data with a clinical 
trial that John will do as to the efficacy. That is better than having not enough doses and having 
a 5 minute notice getting the activist community together with my team to try and straighten out 
a potential disagreement. 
We had another zoom discussion with the HHS team led by Sherri Berger (CDC) to 
try to get the precise language for the CDC updating of their website discussion of 
the efficacy of the vaccine in preventing infection and transmission (see above). I 
believe that we got it right after a very good discussion among the group. The critical issue was 
to indicate that the vaccine protection against infection and transmission is only modest and 
diminishes with time. The concern was on the part of the White House that the CDC would say 
that it was zero.   Now this is not really a consideration since the wording indicates in a positive 
way (by my suggestion) that although the protection against infection and transmission wanes 
overtime, that is a good reason why we encourage people to get the updated BA.5 bivalent boost.  
I believe we avoided a confrontation between the CDC and the White House which would have 
endangered Rochelle
PRESS:  Interview with Giuseppe Sarcina of Italian newspaper – Corrierre Della Sera;
August 9-11, 2022  Global – 585,086,861/6,422,914; USA – 92,426,945/1,030,777
Cases and hospitalization plateauing but deaths still at ~300-400/day
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1020 ---
Had a wonderful trip to Seattle where I received the honorary “Hutch” award from the 
Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research center and the Seattle Mariners baseball organization. I 
did a fireside chat at the Medical Center with Larry Corey and then threw out the first pitch that 
evening for the Mariners and New York Yankees baseball game. In contrast to the disastrous 
pitch at the Washington Nationals game two years ago, this was a perfect pitch to the manager of 
the Mariners, Scott Servais, who served as the catcher. Sat in the “owner’s box” at the stadium 
and watched the game.   Had a great conversation with Eddie Vedder (lead vocalist and guitarist 
for the rock band Pearl Jam.) and his wife Jill.   Eddie reminds me a lot  of Bono.     
One of the things that was striking about the evening at the ball game was that when they 
announced me as receiving the award with giant pictures of me on the photocam, I received a 
prolonged standing ovation from 45,000 people in the stands. Yet, the far right as exemplified 
by the newspaper The Washington Examiner put on YouTube the headline “Fauci booed at 
Mariners game.  They put the microphone next to about five or six people out of 45,000 who 
were booing and saying I should go to jail and they completely ignored the 45,000 people that 
gave me a prolonged standing ovation. This is so exemplary of the distortion of reality by the 
far right.
Monkeypox continues to surge:
August 12, 2022
Deaths seem to be up a bit at around 400/day!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1021 ---
August 13, 2022
More drama with regard to the CDC and Rochelle Walenski. After much going back and 
forth between the CDC and the other docs including me, Vivek, Steve Cha, and to some extent 
David Kessler, we thought we had gotten them pulled back from making the statement that the 
vaccines were not effective at all in preventing infection and transmission. The reason this is an 
issue is that if they came out with that statement, which in fact is not entirely true since there is 
some degree of modest but declining protection as you would expect, then this would conflict 
with the statement and effort of recommending that people get the updated bivalent BA.5 
vaccine in September.   In addition, it would undermine the DoJ’s efforts at mandates for 
vaccines under certain circumstances.   In any event, the CDC agreed to pull back on the 
statement of absolute lack of efficacy of vaccines against infections and transmission  and take a 
more measured approach of saying that the vaccines provides only modest and waning efficacy 
against infection and transmission and that is why we should heed the advice of getting the 
updated booster in Sept.  However, although they did this on their website, the MMWR that cam 
out yesterday had the same original damning language.   When Larry Horowitz and Ashish 
noticed this, Larry went off the wall and in a somewhat agitated manner called me up this 
AM and said that this is the last straw and he was sure that when Ron Klain gets back from 
Spain this weekend he would fire Rochelle.   Ashish was more measured and seems to have 
come to the conclusion that sooner or later (maybe not right now) Rochelle would have to go.  
Let us see what happens…..probably nothing
August 14, 2022
Had a wonderful dinner last night at the extraordinary home of Adrienne Arsht at 9 Chevy 
Chase Circle, Chevy Chase, MD.  Guests included Alexandra Villard de Borchgrave 
(Chairman. Light of Healing Hope Foundation and former war correspondent), Jonathan 
Capehart (MSNBC and Washington Post), Pamela Melroy (former astronaut and Deputy 
Administrator, NASA), Sen Bill Nelson and Wife Grace (Administrator, NASA), Vivian Salama 
(WSJ – war correspondent), Jonathan Goodrich (Attorney, Interior Department).
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1022 ---
35,000 cases of MPX globally:
August 15, 2022
Great disparity of COVID deaths comparing USA and other countries:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1023 ---
PRESS:  The Shade Room (Online streaming); The Grio TV;
August 16, 2022
I had a very important and moving conversation with Ron Klain in his West Wing Office 
today at 11:45 AM (bright, sunny, mild day).   I announced to Ron that I would be stepping 
down from all of my positions including chief medical advisor to the President. I will make 
the announcement next week and my date for stepping down will be sometime in December 
of this year. One of the concerns that Jeff Zients and I had would be that Ron would want 
to push back on my leaving giving all the trouble that he's having with the CDC. However, 
he somewhat surprised me by saying that his instinct would be to push strongly to convince 
me not to leave, given that he considers me “one of the most important public servants in 
the history of the country” given that I have saved millions of lives over the last several 
years. He would be almost embarrassed trying to convince me to change my mind about 
something that I obviously have thought about for some time and that I thoroughly 
deserve. He went on to say so many nice things that I was embarrassed. He said that he 
considered it a major privilege in his life to have had the opportunity to work with me both 
during the Obama administration with Ebola and now with COVID and monkey pox. He 
said that he would arrange tomorrow for me to either see the president if the president 
comes to the White House tomorrow; if he does not come to the White House then arrange 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1024 ---
a phone call between me and the president tomorrow. It was a most moving meeting the 
extraordinary praise shown towards me and the sincere appreciation for all that I have 
done for the country and the world during my long career. He sounded extremely sincere.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NIH will write a Science Forum on NIH accomplishments in COVID.   Below is a 
preliminary outline of what will be said.   I added a mention of the role of the COVID -
19Prevention Network (CoVPN) in the clinical trials of all the vaccines:
Key COVID-19 Milestones – NIH
High-level COVID-19 Accomplishments
2020
January 10:
The genetic sequence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus was released, which was used as the blueprint for 
the rapid development of the mRNA COVID-19 vaccines.
Blurb: SARS-CoV-2 genetic sequence released 
Image: Ask Palladian for timeline image
January 13:
NIH and Moderna finalized the design of a vaccine candidate and began working to produce it.
Blurb: NIH/Moderna finalized COVID vaccine candidate design
Image: https://www.flickr.com/photos/nihgov/50047466123/in/album-72157713108522106/ 
January 31:
The United States declared COVID-19 a public health emergency.
Blurb: U.S. declared COVID-19 a public health emergency
February 25: 
NIH launched the Adaptive COVID-19 Treatment Trial (ACTT) series of studies with a 
randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the antiviral 
remdesivir in adults hospitalized with COVID-19 (ACTT-1).
Press release
Blurb: NIH launched trial of the antiviral remdesivir
Image: https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/remdesivir-covid19-liquid-medication-
background-1706609728 
March 11:
The World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic.
Blurb: WHO declared COVID-19 a pandemic
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1025 ---
March 16:
The Phase 1 clinical trial started for the investigational vaccine, known as mRNA-1273, co-
developed by NIH and Moderna.
Press release
Blurb: NIH/Moderna COVID vaccine Phase 1 clinical trial started 
Image: 3.16.20 Phase 1 Moderna
April 17:
NIH launched the Accelerating COVID-19 Therapeutic Interventions and Vaccines (ACTIV) 
initiative, a public–private partnership focused on developing treatments and vaccines for 
COVID-19. ACTIV streamlined the process for adding new agents into trials and rapidly deployed 
existing NIH networks of more than 620 trial sites across the U.S. and internationally. The 
initiative evaluated over 800 therapeutic agents and prioritized 33 for inclusion in ACTIV master 
protocols. Six of these agents have shown compelling evidence of benefit in randomized clinical 
trials. 
Press release
Blurb: NIH launched ACTIV, a public-private partnership to develop treatments and vaccines
Image: 4.17.20 ACTIV
April 21:
After convening a panel of academic and government experts to critically review and synthesize 
available data from clinical trials and other study reports, the first NIH COVID-19 Treatment 
Guidelines were published to provide clinicians with guidance on how to care for patients with 
COVID-19. The panel has issued more than 50 updated editions since April 2020 and the 
guidelines have been visited more than 30 million times.
Press release
Blurb: NIH published the COVID-19 Treatment Guidelines
April 29:
NIH launched the Rapid Acceleration of Diagnostics (RADx) initiative to speed innovation leading 
to reliable diagnostic testing. 
Press release
Blurb: NIH launched RADx initiative to speed innovation in diagnostic testing 
Image: 4.29.20 RADx
May 22:
Preliminary peer-reviewed data from the ACTT-1 trial indicated that the antiviral drug 
remdesivir is safe and improved clinical outcomes for hospitalized adults with COVID-19.
Press release
Blurb: Antiviral drug remdesivir found safe and effective. 
Image: https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/medication-prepared-people-affected-by-
covid19-1731814354 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1026 ---
May 24:
NIH created a public COVID-19 OpenData Portal to openly and quickly share COVID-19-related 
drug repurposing data and COVID-19 variant-specific effects against all approved drugs. It was a 
key resource for the ACTIV Tracking Resistance And Coronavirus Evolution (TRACE) efforts.
Blurb: COVID-19 OpenData Portal shares data on drug repurposing and variant effects with 
drugs. 
Image: 5.20 COVID Data Portal variants
July 8:
NIH launched the COVID-19 Prevention Network (COVPN), a clinical trials network to test 
COVID-19 vaccines and other prevention tools.
Press release
Blurb: NIH launched COVID-19 Prevention Network to test COVID vaccines and treatments. 
July 27:
The Phase 3 clinical trial started for the investigational vaccine mRNA-1273, co-developed by 
NIH and Moderna. The trial enrolled approximately 30,000 adult volunteers who did not have 
COVID-19.
Press release
Blurb: NIH/Moderna COVID vaccine Phase 3 clinical trial began, enrolling ≈30,000 adult 
volunteers. 
Image: https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/covid19-vaccination-asian-male-patient-
getting-1831245058
August 4: 
NIH launches the first ACTIV clinical trials to test the safety and efficacy of treatments both for 
mild and moderate COVID-19 patients and for patients hospitalized with COVID-19. 
ACTIV-2 press release, ACTIV-3 Press Release
Blurb: First ACTIV trials to evaluate the safety and efficacy of COVID therapeutics begin. 
Image: 8.4.20 ACTIV trials
September 16:
Recognizing the need to ensure inclusive participation in vaccine trials, NIH launched 
Community Engagement Alliance (CEAL) Against COVID-19 Disparities. CEAL provided outreach 
and engagement opportunities in racial and ethnic minority communities disproportionately 
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. (In 2021, NIH supplemented the effort with $29 million in 
funding from the American Rescue Plan).
September press release 
Blurb: NIH launched CEAL to ensure diversity in vaccine trials and reach out to 
disproportionately affected communities. 
Image: 9.16.20 CEAL
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1027 ---
September 30:
NIH expanded research to improve COVID-19 testing among underserved and vulnerable 
populations as part of the RADx initiative, the RADx Underserved Populations (RADx-
UP) program.
Press release
Blurb: NIH expanded RADx initiative to improve COVID-19 testing in underserved populations. 
Image: 9.30.20 RADx UP
October 2:
Quidel Sofia 2, the first point-of-care test to detect COVID-19 supported by NIH’s RADx initiative, 
receives emergency use authorization (EUA) from the FDA. 
Blurb: First RADX-supported COVID test received EUA.  
Image: 2.2.20 Test Kit
December 11:
The ACTT-2 trial found that baricitinib, an anti-inflammatory drug, reduced time to recovery for 
people hospitalized with COVID-19 who were treated with remdesivir.
Press release
Blurb: Trial results showed remdesivir in combination with anti-inflammatory drug baricitinib 
reduced hospital recovery time
Image: https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/medication-prepared-people-affected-by-
covid19-1970653763
December 15:
The first over-the-counter COVID-19 test, developed with support from NIH’s RADx initiative, 
received an FDA emergency use authorization.
Blurb: First RADx-supported over-the-counter COVID-19 test received EUA.
Image: 12.15.20 RADx OTC
December 18:
FDA authorized the NIH-Moderna vaccine for emergency use for people 18 years of age and 
older. The NIH-Moderna vaccine went on to receive authorization for various age groups and is 
now available for everyone over the age of 6 months. 
Blurb: FDA grants EUA to NIH/Modera vaccine
Image: https://www.shutterstock.com/image-illustration/cracow-malopolskie-poland-october-
10-2021-1891094320
2021
January 5:
NIH’s RADx launched an interagency variant task force to evaluate the impact of new variants on 
the performance of all authorized point of care and over the counter diagnostics, as well as tests 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1028 ---
in pre-authorization review. This ongoing partnership with FDA informs regulatory decisions, 
RADx investments, manufacturer designs, and government procurements.
Blurb: Interagency variant task force launched to evaluate impact of variants on COVID tests
Image: 1.5.21 variant tests
January 20:
The ACTIV Tracking Resistance and Coronavirus Evolution (TRACE) initiative launched. It is 
focused on identifying emerging variants of SARS-CoV-2. TRACE aims to prioritize which viral 
variants should be studied to determine the effectiveness of vaccines and therapeutics, 
coordinate data sharing, and report results regularly to allow confident decision making by the 
U.S. Government, health professionals, and pharmaceutical organizations.
Blurb: The ACTIV Tracking Resistance and Coronavirus Evolution (TRACE) initiative began to 
identify, evaluate, and report on emerging variants.
Image: https://www.flickr.com/photos/nihgov/52129878815/in/album-72157713108522106/
February 27:
FDA authorized the Janssen COVID-19 vaccine for emergency use. NIH supported the 
development of the single-shot vaccine, which does not require special refrigeration.  
Blurb: FDA grants EUA to Janssen COVID vaccine 
Image: https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/izmir-turkey-january-17-2021-coronavirus-
1925271767
March 31:
In collaboration with the CDC, NIH launched an innovative community health initiative called 
“Say Yes! COVID Test” for counties in North Carolina and Tennessee to determine if frequent 
self-administered COVID-19 testing can help residents reduce community transmission. Say Yes! 
COVID Test went on to distribute 6.8 million rapid tests that were developed with RADx support 
in numerous targeted areas throughout the country. 
Press release
Blurb: NIH launched community health initiative Say Yes! COVID Test to assess frequent self-
testing. 
Image: 3.31.20 Say Yes COVID Test
April 15:
NIH announced the Safe Return to School Diagnostic Testing Initiative, which awarded up to $48 
million over several months to fund projects to build evidence on safely returning students, 
teachers, and support staff to in-person school in areas with vulnerable and underserved 
populations. (Additional funds issued July press release).
April press release
Blurb: NIH launched Safe Return to School Diagnostic Testing Initiative 
Image: https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/side-view-portrait-young-africanamerican-
man-1967011807 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1029 ---
August 4:
Part of the ACTIV initiative, an NIH-supported clinical trial showed that treating moderately ill 
hospitalized COVID-19 patients with a full-dose blood thinner reduced their need for organ 
support, such as mechanical ventilation, and improved their chances of leaving the hospital.
Press release
Blurb: ACTIV-4 clinical trial found that a full-dose blood thinner improved outcomes for 
moderately ill hospitalized patients.
September 15:
NIH announced $470 million in funding for a nationwide study of tens of thousands of people to 
support research on the long-term effects of COVID-19 called the NIH REsearching COVID to 
Enhance Recovery (RECOVER) Initiative.
Press release
Blurb: NIH funded REsearching COVID to Enhance Recovery (RECOVER) Initiative to study 
COVID’s long-term effects. 
Image: Can we use this image from the timeline? NIH Strategic Response to COVID-19 | NIH 
COVID-19 Research
October 9:
Brii Biosciences filed for an FDA emergency use authorization for the ACTIV-3 monoclonal 
therapeutic antibody combination amubarvimab/romlusevimab that demonstrated clinical 
effectiveness in preventing progression of disease for mild to moderate COVID-19 patients.  
Blurb:  ACTIV-3 trial found monoclonal therapeutic antibody combination effective in preventing 
disease progression in mild to moderate patients.
October 27:
NIH announced the Independent Test Assessment Program (ITAP), which established an 
accelerated pathway to support FDA evaluation of tests with potential for large-scale 
manufacturing. The program is an extension of the NIH RADx initiative. In less than two months, 
the first two over-the-counter tests that went through the ITAP accelerated pathway received 
EUAs, contributing millions of tests per month to the domestic supply.  
Press Release
Blurb: NIH announced ITAP, an accelerated pathway to support FDA evaluation of COVID tests.
Image: https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/portland-usa-feb-5-2022-closeup-
2118748202
2022
January 26:
The NIH clinical trial on booster doses of different COVID-19 vaccines to determine the safety 
and efficacy of mixed vaccine regimens found that all combinations of primary and booster 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1030 ---
vaccine resulted in increased neutralizing antibody levels. The data strongly suggest that mixed 
COVID-19 vaccines could increase protective efficacy against symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Press release
Blurb: NIH clinical trial data strongly suggest that mixed COVID-19 vaccines could increase 
protective efficacy against symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Image: FC getting his vaccine? https://www.flickr.com/photos/nihgov/50747919667/in/album-
72157717478402642/ OR https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/black-teen-girl-shows-
vaccine-mark-1899903244
June 2: 
Topline results from the ACTIV-1 Immune Modulators clinical trial showed that immune 
modulator drugs improved survival for people hospitalized with COVID-19.
Press release
Blurb: ACTIV-1 immune modulators trials meet secondary endpoint/improved survival
July 20:
The CDC recommended that Novavax’s COVID-19 vaccine be used as another primary series 
option for adults in the United States ages 18 years and older. NIH supported development of 
the Novavax vaccine, NVX-CoV2373, and is studying it in the “mix & match” trial, where adult 
volunteers who have been fully vaccinated against COVID-19 receive booster doses of different 
COVID-19 vaccines to determine the safety and immunogenicity of mixed boosted regimens.
Blurb: CDC recommended Novavax vaccine for adults
Image: https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/novavax-coronavirus-vaccine-doctors-
nurses-hands-1904970715
April 29:
Two years after its launch, RADx-supported companies increased cumulative U.S. capacity by 
>2.5 billion tests, helping drive a national paradigm shift where over the counter (home) and 
point of care tests become the dominant form of testing.
Blurb: After two years, RADx-supported companies increased U.S. capacity by >2.5 billion tests
Image: 4.29.22 RADx test capacity
Monkey pox cases in the UK starting to trend downward:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1031 ---
August 17, 2022
E-mail from Ron Klain after I met with him and asked to speak with the POTUS:
From: Klain, Ronald A. EOP/WHO <RK.COS@WHO.EOP.GOV> 
Sent: Wednesday, August 17, 2022 10:19 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Cc: Goepfert, Stephen M. EOP/WHO <Stephen.M.Goepfert@who.eop.gov>
Subject: [EXTERNAL] RE: Thank you
Tony,
Sad for me, sad for America, but no one has earned it more.
The President is anxious to speak with you today – he travelled to Delaware last night.  I am copying 
Stephen Goepfert here, who is with the President in Wilmington, to arrange the timing for your call.
Ron
I just had a wonderful conversation with President Biden. He called me up (started the conversation 
with “Hi, Joe here….”) and told me how much he admired me and how much of a pleasure it was to 
work very closely with me over the past year and three quarters. He told me that he wanted to 
guarantee that I would have as much protection as I need for as long as I need it. I told him how much 
I enjoyed working with him and that I was actually thinking of leaving government at the end of the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1032 ---
last administration. However, when he became president and offered me the job as his chief medical 
advisor it was a job that I absolutely could not refuse. I also told him that working with him over the 
last two years was the capstone of my career. He was quite moved by that and seemed to be very 
pleased with hearing that.
PRESS:  Interview with Rolling Stone (Matt Sullivan) regarding story on Steph Curry
August 18, 2022  Global – 590,659,276/6,440163;   USA – 93,124,238/1,034,118
----------
CDC (Rochelle Walensky) comes out with a strong statement of “mea culpa” admitting 
that the CDC is broken and has failed terribly in the response to the COVID pandemic.   
LONG OVERDUE!
CDC Moving 
Forward Fact Sheet.
NY Times (La Franiere and Weilland):
Walensky, Citing Botched Pandemic Response, 
Calls for C.D.C. Reorganization
Among other flaws, public guidance during the coronavirus pandemic was “confusing and 
overwhelming,” the agency said.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1033 ---
------------------------
RFK, jr continues his destructive ways:
Ars Technica: Anti-vaccine activists giddily celebrate as poliovirus spreads in NY
--------
I defend CDC and Rochelle regarding their admission of their botched response by 
commending them for honesty and trying to reform.   I did this on MSNBC with Andrea 
Mitchell.
PRESS: MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell; Podcast “In the Bubble” with Any Slavitt; CNN – 
“The Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer
August 19, 2022
Cases seem to be plateauing throughout the country with some exceptions. Perhaps we are 
coming into a downswing as we enter the Fall
PRESS:  Interview with Marissa Evans of LA Times on racial disparities in MPX; WTOP 
Radio;
August 20, 2022
Had my usual every three-week zoom meeting with Drs. Li and Hellmann. I explained to 
them that as of Monday at 11:00 AM when I made the announcement of my stepping down 
from the NIH, I will enter a new chapter in my career and in my life. There's obviously 
stress and anxiety associated with this decision.  However, there's also excitement for the 
new adventure and unknown.
Had a wonderful Zoom meeting with Nathan Chen at 12:30 PM.  He had been wanting to 
meet me for some time now and we finally connected by zoom. He was so modest and nice 
and kept expressing what an honor it was to meet me and speak with me. He is going into his 
third year at Yale having taken off most of two years to practice for the Olympics where he gave 
probably the most historically perfect performance to win the gold medal. He plans to go to 
medical school after he graduates. I was struck by his maturity and modesty when I asked him 
why he was interested in medicine. He said all his life he had been practicing to make himself 
better and better and better, but it was all about himself. Now he wants to do something that has 
a positive impact on society and on other individuals. The sign of a very mature young man.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1034 ---
I had a very long (1 hour and 10 minue) exclusive interview with Yasmeen Abutaleb 
(Washington Post) concerning my upcoming stepping down from Government service.   
Embargoed until Monday at 11:00 AM
August 21, 2022
Interesting trivia (Sports Business Journal):
Dr. Anthony Fauci’s First 
Pitch Sets Baseball Card 
Record
By Tom TaylorJuly 28, 2020
•
•
•
Topps has issued a trading card of Dr. Anthony Fauci, the director of the 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, throwing out the first 
pitch of the MLB season last week. The card was only available for 24 hours, 
under the company’s Topps Now brand, but it set a new record with 51,512 
sold.
August 22, 2022
TODAY IS THE DAY!  I announce that I will be stepping down from the NIH as well as 
from my position as chief medical adviser to the president effective December, 2022.
There has been a literal avalanche of positive feedback about my announcement with 
hundreds and hundreds of texts and emails of congratulation and praise for me. President 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1035 ---
has come out with a statement as have a number of other prominent individuals. See the 
president statement below:
Statement from President Joe Biden 
on the announcement of Dr. 
Anthony Fauci’s Departure 
from NIAID
AUGUST 22, 2022•STATEMENTS AND RELEASES
During my time as Vice President, I worked closely with Dr. Anthony Fauci on the United 
States’ response to Zika and Ebola. I came to know him as a dedicated public servant, and a 
steady hand with wisdom and insight honed over decades at the forefront of some of our most 
dangerous and challenging public health crises. When it came time to build a team to lead our 
COVID-19 response – in fact, in one of my first calls as President-elect – I immediately asked 
Dr. Fauci to extend his service as my Chief Medical Advisor to deal with the COVID-19 crisis 
our nation faced.  In that role, I’ve been able to call him at any hour of the day for his advice as 
we’ve tackled this once-in-a-generation pandemic.  His commitment to the work is unwavering, 
and he does it with an unparalleled spirit, energy, and scientific integrity. 
Dr. Fauci has served under seven Republican and Democratic Presidents during his career, 
beginning with Ronald Reagan.  He was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2008 
under President George W. Bush.  For almost four decades, he has served as Director of the 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, helping our country navigate health crises 
ranging from HIV/AIDS to COVID-19.  Because of Dr. Fauci’s many contributions to public 
health, lives here in the United States and around the world have been saved.  As he leaves his 
position in the U.S. Government, I know the American people and the entire world will continue 
to benefit from Dr. Fauci’s expertise in whatever he does next. Whether you’ve met him 
personally or not, he has touched all Americans’ lives with his work. I extend my deepest thanks 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1036 ---
for his public service. The United States of America is stronger, more resilient, and healthier 
because of him. 
Statement of Sec. Becerra:
Statement by HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra on 
Upcoming Departure of Dr. Anthony S. Fauci
Today, Anthony S. Fauci, M.D. announced he is stepping down in December 2022 from the 
positions of Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) and Chief of 
the NIAID Laboratory of Immunoregulation, as well as Chief Medical Advisor to the President.  U.S. 
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Xavier Becerra issued the following 
statement:
“This is a decision we all knew would eventually come but hoped never would. As HHS Secretary, I 
am privileged to know Dr. Fauci professionally and personally and deeply admire his decades of 
public service that have undoubtedly improved the health of millions of people globally. When I 
arrived at HHS, the world was one year into the COVID-19 pandemic. I quickly came to rely on Dr. 
Fauci’s wisdom and counsel in our response, and along with his scientific acumen, I treasure his 
ability to break down complex science in simple terms to the American people to save lives.
“His selfless passion to bring hope and healing to people fighting for their health knows no bounds. 
In fact, Dr. Fauci’s pioneering approach to tackle public health decades ago included a critical role in 
our nation’s domestic and international response to HIV/AIDS, ultimately helping create the 
President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief.
“I will be sorry to see Dr. Fauci depart in December, but I wish him all the best in his future 
endeavors and look forward to witnessing his next chapter.”
Larry Tabak statement:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1037 ---
Statement from Lawrence A. Tabak, 
D.D.S., Ph.D., on the departure of 
Anthony S. Fauci, M.D.
Anthony S. Fauci, M.D., Director, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
Today marks the end of an era with the announcement by Anthony S. Fauci, M.D., that he will 
be stepping down as the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
(NIAID), Chief of the NIAID Laboratory of Immunoregulation, and Chief Medical Advisor to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1038 ---
President Biden. Tony’s departure will cause a tectonic shift in the modern history of the 
National Institutes of Health.
He is the model public servant — dedicated and selfless, and a brilliant scientist and physician 
who is passionate about developing treatments and cures for those who are sick and suffering. 
He has dedicated his life’s work to advancing knowledge about the causes of complex diseases 
ranging from HIV to asthma, rarely satisfied with anything less than a cure. For Tony, it’s 
personal. He works tirelessly on behalf of all patients, often at great personal expense, and 
always bringing his Brooklyn tenacity to the fight. I know of no one more dedicated than Tony 
to the mission of the NIH and the health of the American people.
Tony’s NIH career spans 54 years, 38 of those leading NIAID, advising seven U.S. Presidents, 
and reassuring the public as America’s doctor during outbreaks of infectious diseases, from 
HIV to Ebola to COVID-19. Without exception, he is always guided by the science. It’s been an 
extraordinary privilege and honor to have worked by his side and to have learned so much 
from him — I will miss him greatly. But I also look forward to seeing what Tony will do next. I 
have no doubt that he will continue to have an enormous impact on the world.
Lawrence A. Tabak, D.D.S., Ph.D.
Performing the Duties of the NIH Director
Ashish K. Jha, MD, MPH
@AshishKJha46
Tony Fauci is the most consequential physician scientist of 
the past half century Having served 7 Presidents through 
HIV/AIDS, Anthrax, H1N1, Ebola, Zika, and of course COVID 
Thousands consider him their mentor, including me Grateful 
for your service to our country Dr. Fauci   
Ronald Klain
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1039 ---
@WHCOS
I cannot think of a public servant who has done as much to 
save as many lives for as long a period as Dr. Tony Fauci. 
And he is a gem of a person.
Tweet
See new Tweets
Conversation
Barack Obama
@BarackObama
I will always be grateful that we had a once-in-a-century 
public health leader to guide us through a once-in-a-
century pandemic. Few people have touched more lives 
than Dr. Fauci – and I’m glad he’s not done yet.
PRESS:   Beautiful article in the Washington Post by Yasmeen Abutaleb: 
Fauci plans to step down in December after 
half a century in government
By Yasmeen Abutaleb
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1040 ---
Updated August 22, 2022 at 2:20 p.m. EDT|Published August 22, 2022 at 11:00 a.m. 
EDT
NY Times by Cheryl Gay Stolberg:
Fauci Says He Will Step Down in 
December to Pursue His ‘Next 
Chapter’
MSNBC with Rachel Maddow (Rachel was extremely laudatory)
August 23, 2022
NY Times Opinion piece by Gregg Gonsalves is really nice:
OPINION
GUEST ESSAY
Anthony Fauci’s Retirement Marks 
the End of an Era
Aug. 23, 2022, 5:00 a.m. ET
PRESS:  WTOP with Nick Iannelli; CNN “New Day” with Kaitlan Collins; WGN Bob 
Sirrott Show (Chicago Radio); Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC Radio);  FOX 
News “Live” with Neil Cavuto; BBC Newsnight TV; NPR “All Things Considered” with 
Mary Louise Kelly
August 24, 2022
The number of texts and e-mail of thanks and praiseupon the announcement of my 
stepping down are stunning, ranging in the several hundreds. I am getting truly exhausted 
trying to answer all of them.
-----
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1041 ---
Jill Biden rebounded after a course of Paxlovid just the way I did!!
--------
Cases slowly (very slowly) coming down:
Very nice article about me and retirement in Nature:
‘He has saved countless lives’: US scientists 
on Fauci leaving NIH role
From the AIDS epidemic to the COVID-19 pandemic, the iconic medical chief 
has advised seven presidents on numerous outbreaks.
• Max Kozlov & 
• Lauren Wolf
---------------
Probably the best article ever written about me in the Washington Post today:
THE CRITIQUE
Fauci carried all our angst and anger with 
patience and decency
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1042 ---
Perspective by Robin Givhan
Senior critic-at-large|Follow
August 23, 2022 at 7:10 p.m. EDT
With all of the praise and adulation that I'm getting from so many sources, the far right 
GOP keep saying that they're going to investigate me after I stepped down even though 
there's absolutely nothing to investigate me about; they are looking very mean spirited.
August 25, 2025
Interesting cartoon in Washington Post concerning my stepping down:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1043 ---
We are really not coming down in cases/hospitalizations/ or deaths very sharply.   We 
seemed to have hit a plateau with a very slight trend downward.
United States 
• Total Cases: 93,777,133, 7-Day average: 90,676 (-6.7%)
• Total Deaths: 1,037,281  7-Day average:  390 (-11.6%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,198,924  7-Day average 5,614 (-6.6%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 596,119,505 (829,163 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,457,101 (2,564 new)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1044 ---
-------
In Science indicating how Tucker Carlson was ranting about me after hearing of my 
stepping down:
Almost everything Tucker Carlson said about 
Anthony Fauci this week was misleading or 
false
Science fact-checks the Fox host’s rant against “Saint Tony,” 
who announced his retirement on Monday
• 25 Aug 2022
• 6:10 PM
By Jon Cohen
Tweet from Bill Gates:
Tony, you were an amazing public servant long before 
COVID-19 struck – and now you are a hero to millions of 
people, including me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1045 ---
npr.org
Fauci to step down in December after decades of public service
Dr. Anthony Fauci helped guide the U.S. through the COVID crisis, and earlier in his career 
played a key role in the response to AIDS. He has served under seven presidents.
The Soapbox Quoting the New Republic:
We May Never See Another Lifelong Public 
Servant Like Anthony Fauci
In a distinguished government career spanning more than half a 
century, he expertly steered America through two devastating 
pandemics. But given how Republicans have maliciously attacked 
him, why would anyone want to follow in his footsteps?
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1046 ---
PRESS:   Bloomberg News with David Westin;  Spectrum News Los Angeles with Giselle 
Fernandez; 
August 26, 2022
Dan Diamond story in the Washington Post:
Health
House panel: Trump sought to pressure FDA on covid vaccines, treatment
The report offers fresh details about that campaign and how it rattled agency officials.
This panel report documents the attempts of Peter Navarro and Hatfill to undermine me 
and get me fired since I pushed back on Hydroxychloroquine:
https://coronavirus.house.gov/sites/democrats.coronavirus.house.gov/files/2022.08.24%20The%20Tru
mp%20White%20House%E2%80%99s%20Relentless%20Attacks%20on%20FDA%E2%80%99s%20Corona
virus%20Response.pdf
PRESS: London Times Radio with Carole Walker; Gray TV interview; 
August 29, 2022
Previous 2 days my daughters and partners were here for the weekend.  Very slow with 
regard to COVID.
Clearly people like John Moore (who is the most reasonable) and Paul Offit (not so much) 
are pushing back on the drive to boost people in September with the “updated” BA.5 
bivalent since they say that boosters are not needed (Offit) or that the original vaccine is as 
good as the bivalent (Moore)
Ashish Jha called me today asking advice on when to give the POTUS the bivalent BA.5 
boost.   I told him 3 months after his recent infection.   Same for the First Lady.
-------
Monkeypox cases starting to plateau – probably a combination of behavioral modification 
+ vaccine availability:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1047 ---
Statement from Tedros: Then, on my friend, Tony, Tony Fauci. We have been friends for many years. 
I respect him dearly and greatly. He’s an incredible scientist, amazing human being and congratulations 
to him for all the job that he has done. I know retirement doesn’t mean he will stop working. Retiring for 
him is like changing a tyre, meaning another mission, and I look forward to continue working with him 
closely through other things he will, I know, continue to do. So, I wish him all the very best. Tony is so 
special and everybody knows, I think. 
With COVID, we are still doing worse with deaths than any other country:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1048 ---
PRESS:   Interview with Swiss newspaper -Finanz und Wirtschaft;
August 30, 2022
USG (FDA) getting ready to issue EUA for BA.5 bivalent boost
PRESS:  JAMA Interview with Editor-in-Chief Kirsten Bibbens-Domingo; 
August 31, 2022
NY Times Opinion piece by Ari Schulman (rather critical of me):
Why Many Americans Turned on 
Anthony Fauci
Aug. 31, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1049 ---
Growing evidence that people who get COVID have higher incidence of heart disease, 
diabetes and other chronic disease compared to those who have not been infected (see 
Financial Times):
ft.com 
The growing evidence that Covid-19 is leaving 
people sicker
Sarah Neville, Federica Cocco
15-19 minutes
------------------
Call today from Rajeev Vankayya inquiring about whether I might want to be on Board of 
CEPI and also his new company after I step down.   I told him I cannot talk about this until 
I actually step down.
------
I received a phone call today, former vice president Richard Cheney congratulating me on 
my career and thanking me for all that I have done over the decades that I had been in 
public service.  We went on to reminisce about the things we did together to take away the 
creation of project bioshield. I told him how impressed I was with what his daughter lives 
was doing and pushing back against the extreme right and the trump people. He is 
obviously very proud of her and expressed that.
PRESS:  Sirius XM Radio – “The Briefing” with Steve Scully; Bloomberg News Interview 
with Jeanie Bauman, John Lauerman, Riley Griffin;
Sept. 1, 2022
United States 
• Total Cases: 94,385,669  7-Day average: 85,762 (-6.6%)
• Total Deaths: 1,041,280  7-Day average:  404 (-5.4%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,235,025  7-Day average 5,106 (-5%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 600,555,262 (670,371 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,472,914 (2,676 new)
Very telling graph about the role of vaccination in preventing death:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1050 ---
FDA gave EUA to BA.5 bivalent boosts and USG has ordered 170 million doses to be 
administered starting next week.   As usual some concern among some “talking heads” 
about doing this from Paul Offit who generally feels that most people really do not need 
boosters to a milder John Moore who is concerned about the immunology of a poor 
response.   Eric Topol gives the pros and cons today in his usual blog:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1051 ---
Recent article in Salon (worthwhile reading  whole article):
COMMENTARY
Farewell Dr. Fauci: How the 
right turned a national hero 
into a villain in service of 
Donald Trump
The right's attack on science is the most dangerous of its cynical power plays. 
Fauci is just collateral damage
By HEATHER DIGBY PARTON
Columnist
Nice cartoon from 2020 by Mark Tatulli  :
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1052 ---
Other Tatulli cartoons with Lio:
May 11, 2020
https://www.gocomics.com/lio/2020/05/11
May 12, 2020
https://www.gocomics.com/lio/2020/05/12
May 13, 2020
https://www.gocomics.com/lio/2020/05/13
June 5, 2020
https://www.gocomics.com/lio/2020/06/05
Nice article in Science by Jon Cohen:
Anthony Fauci, loved and hated, plots his next 
move: ‘I'm not going to sit in my house’
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1053 ---
In a candid exit interview, the NIAID head reflects on the 
seven presidents he served, controversial decisions, and 
feuding with Rand Paul
• 1 Sep 2022
• 6:50 PM
• By Jon Cohen
PRESS:  KNSD NBC (TV) + KUAN Telemundo, San Diego with Mark Mullen;
Sept. 2, 2022
There is a very interesting situation that has emerged from the White House particularly 
involving Ron Klain and Ashish Jha in the context of the BA.5 bivalent booster shot. The 
FDA has authorized and the CDC has approved the use of the bivalent BA.5 booster for 
individuals 12 years of age and older. The concern of Ron and Ashish is that we need to sell it to 
the American people in a manner in which they feel this is something “new and different”  that 
they really should partake of. However, even though we all feel that people should be getting a 
booster shot, to sell it as something that is going to be much better than the prototype boost 
would be somewhat of a stretch since although one can project that there would be an advantage 
of a variant specific boost, early indications from an immunological standpoint indicate that 
although it is likely going to be somewhat better it is not going to be a lot better.  In addition, 
there is the push back from some in the scientific community that we are doing this with very 
little human clinical data. One can extrapolate from clinical immunological data using a BA.1 
bivalent variant boost where the data are plentiful. In addition, we have extraordinary amount of 
data on the safety of using this type of vaccine in billions of doses and billions of people 
worldwide. Also, the preclinical mouse data with the specific BA.5 bivalent vaccine indicates 
that it gives an anti-BA.5 response much higher then the prototype vaccine does. Ron and Ashish 
are struggling with ways to sell this and the latest thing they're trying to do is to say that it could 
be part of a yearly booster similar to what we do with flu. All of this is fine except that they're 
straining to get a message so that a lot of people will get boosted when in fact this is unlikely 
going to be the case. No matter what we say, the message will not change the facts and we're 
getting close to the line of overselling something. In one instance today, Ron was upset that 
Vivek had said that this was an updated “boost” instead of an updated “vaccine” because he felt 
people don't want this to be yet again another boost whereas if we sell it as an updated vaccine in 
the context of making it a yearly occurrence then that would be perceived as something that is 
truly new.
PRESS:  NPR with Rob Stein; MSNBC with Yasmeen Vossoughian; CNN with Ericka Hill; 
PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1054 ---
Sept 3, 2022
Email exchange between Ron Klain and me regarding the above:
From: Klain, Ronald A. EOP/WHO <RK.COS@WHO.EOP.GOV> 
Sent: Saturday, September 3, 2022 7:31 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: yearly vaccine
 No worries Tony.  My concern is that we have so much Covid fatigue in the country, so little take up of 
fourth shots, we just need to try something new.  I cannot stomach a winter of back to 2000 deaths a 
day.  We have to find a way to get people to take the new shot — I think annual vaccine is a good 
message but you know best.  Whatever whatever we can do to get big take up on this new bivalent — 
it’s our only real hope to not have a third winter of death.   Bless you for all you are doing to help this 
effort.  
Sent from my iPhone
On Sep 3, 2022, at 5:04 PM, Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] <afauci@niaid.nih.gov> wrote:
 
Ron:
    I just spoke with Dori about your concern that I did not mention the planned strategy of a 
yearly updated COVID vaccine for most of the population in the PBS (Judy Woodruff) 
interview.   As you probably know, I clearly mentioned this strategy  in the CNN Interview and 
the MSNBC interview earlier in the day.   I was planning on mentioning it in the PBS interview, 
but then she steered he conversation towards resources available for the distribution of the 
updated vaccines. I was hoping to get back to the subject to bring up the yearly issue, but then 
towards the end of my last comment they said in my earpiece that we were done.  I probably 
should have squeezed in the concept earlier when she asked “who should get it and 
when”.   Sorry.
Thanks,
Tony
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1055 ---
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
Sept. 4, 2022
MPX stabilizing globally and in USA:
Sept. 5, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1056 ---
Very nice counter and fact check about the misinformation spread about me by ther 
Annenberg Public Policy Center:
FactCheck.org: Correcting Misinformation About Dr. Fauci  https://bit.ly/3eo3g86 
Nature Medicine:
• Published: 05 September 2022
Long-term cardiac pathology in individuals 
with mild initial COVID-19 illness
Sept. 6, 2022
Washington Post/Bloomberg:
So Long to Anthony Fauci, Unlikely Avatar of 
Polarization
Analysis by David A. Hopkins | Bloomberg
September 5, 2022 at 5:11 p.m. EDT
----------------
Crazy Peter Navarro in the Washington Times:
The FDA's mass murder of more than 
half a million Americans 
HCQ and Ivermectin: The Voldemorts' of America's medicine cabinet 
By Peter Navarro and Dr. Steven Hatfill - 
Monday, September 5, 2022 
COVID cases trended down more now:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1057 ---
PRESS:  We  had our regular White House Press briefing – this time with Jha, Walensky, 
Becerra and me.   Since Jeff left, we are only have these every few weeks.;  Canadian 
Broadcast TV; Government Executive interview
September 7, 2022
From Government Executive interview:
Dr. Fauci to Young Scientists: Follow the 
Science and ‘Stay out of Politics’
After nearly six decades of civil service, Dr. Anthony Fauci 
hopes his post-government life will focus on inspiring the next 
generation of public servants.
I had an interesting evening last night. I went over Zeke Emanuel’s together with Chris to 
celebrate a surprise 65th birthday party. At the party was Rahm and Ari Emanuel Together 
with some of Rahm’s children. The dinner was catered by Pineapples and Pearls restaurant. The 
dinner took place is Zeke's almost renovated amazing new home at 3303 Highland Place, NW
MPX – 55,000 globally and 21,000 in USA
PRESS:  Sinclair News “The National Desk” with Jan Jeffcoat; Florida PBS Town Hall; 
“Positive Living” Fireside Chat with Kurt Goodman and Butch McKay
Sept. 8, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1058 ---
I was supposed to be with the President today in the Roosevelt room of The West Wing for 
his announcement about how we are going to approach the upcoming full season with 
regard to our response to COVID. This relates to the new message of trying to get updated 
COVID vaccines (in this case BA.5 bivalent) to be given on an annual basis similar to the 
flu. However, sadly, Queen Elizabeth passed away within minutes of the scheduled press 
briefing and so we called it off and we will reschedule.
The PBS documentary film coming out in April, 2023:
Dr. Fauci Pandemic Documentary on the Way 
From PBS American Masters
The program charts 14 months in the life of the storied physician
PRESS:  Interview with Il Messaggero (Italy); Sways Univese with Kelly Kincaid; Rolling 
Out TV with Munson Steed;
Sept. 9, 2022
United States 
• Total Cases: 94,888,931  7-Day average: 70,488 (-18.8%)
• Total Deaths: 1,043,921  7-Day average:  314 (-28.1%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,267,624  7-Day average 4,620 (-10.5%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 603,711,760 (472,582 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,484,136 (1,277 new)
MPX cases continue to come down globally and in USA (see graph below).   We are having 
trouble getting supplemental funding from Congress to vaccinate a wider group of 
moderate risk people suchas commercial sex workers, prisoners, trans people, etc.  I have 
been pushing for elimination of MPX with wider vaccination and ring approach as opposed 
to elimination.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1059 ---
Had a wonderful evening last night going with Chris to a concert by Dionne Warwick at 
the Warner Theater in DC.   Met her after in her dressing room.   Lovely woman.
Marc Siegel wrote a very nice piece in USA Today about me:
Dr. Anthony Fauci knows he's 
made 'a lot of enemies.' Here's 
what I know about him.
He is a great resource within the medical world. Why has he become 
such a polarizing figure during the COVID-19 pandemic?
Dr. Marc Siegel
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1060 ---
Opinion columnist
Had a wonderful evening at the Library of Congress at a function sponsored by Catherine 
and Wayne Reynolds. The featured people at the dinner who were Jimmy Page (Creator 
and lead guitarist of Led Zeppelin) and his wife poet Scarlett Sabet who sat at my table.   
Jimmy and Scarlett were absolutely wonderful and people and creative artists.   Jimmy now 
collaborates with Scarlet on making albums of her recited poems.
Sept. 10, 2022
Had a great dinner over my house with Jeff and Mary Zients and Bob Seder.  It was really 
great to spend time with them particularly since Jeff has been so amazingly helpful to me in 
planning when I transition out of government. We had some interesting conversations about the 
future of the Biden ministration throughout the current term as well as the possibility of the 
second term.
St. Louis Post Dispatch:
stltoday.com 
Editorial: Kids suffered dearly during pandemic 
school closures, but don't blame Fauci
the Editorial Board
4 minutes
Sept. 11, 2022
The New York Post continues to lie and distort.  This is abut the conspiracy theory that 
Mark Zuckerberg and I were colluding to suppress free speech:
Fauci’s direct line to Zuck proves Facebook 
COVID censorship was all about power, not 
public health 
By 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1061 ---
Post Editorial Board 
September 9, 2022 4:59pm 
Sept.12, 2022
Covid cases continue to decline:
Sept. 13, 2022
Florida physicians defending me in the Gainesville Sun:
Dr. Anthony Fauci deserves better 
from Gov. Ron DeSantis than 
insulting comments
Bruce Stechmiller and more than 30 others
Guest columnists
Statement made during the last NIAID Council meeting of mine as NIAID Director:
On behalf of the AIDS Research Advisory Committee, ARAC, I want to take a moment to 
reflect, as we open the September 2022 meeting, which will be the last ARAC meeting under the 
NIAID leadership of Dr. Anthony Fauci. As you all know, Dr. Fauci has led NIAID since 1984, 
and it is impossible to capture the enormity of his contributions. His extraordinary leadership of 
NIAID, and through it the Division of AIDS, has been unparalleled. His ability to see the world, 
and make it better, has been astonishing: from the most fundamental scientific questions, to the 
most difficult clinical problems of our lifetimes, to the many public health challenges the world 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1062 ---
has faced over the past 40 years, in HIV and so many infectious and other diseases. These efforts 
have had profound and life-saving effects, on individuals, communities, and the entire world. We 
thank him, on behalf of people everywhere, and we look forward to what will no doubt be 
continued extraordinary accomplishments as he opens a new chapter. Thank you Dr. Anthony 
(‘Tony’) Fauci.
Sept. 14, 2022
Important day! Today at 10:00 AM I testified before the Senate HELP committee chaired 
by Sen. Patti Murray with Richard Burr as Ranking minority. It will be likely the last time 
that I will be testifying before the United States Congress in my position as the director of 
NIAID.  Rand Paul was his usual self asking hostile questions of me saying that I am denying 
the existence of natural immunity. He showed a C-SPAN film clip of me taken out of context 
where I say that a person who was infected with flu did not need a vaccination – I then held up a 
clip from Reuters “Fack-Checker”  saying that Rand Paul was taking me out of context:
Fact Check- Fauci’s 2004 comments 
do not contradict his pandemic 
stance
By 
Reuters Fact Check
 He then accused me of not providing the amount of royalties that people on advisory committees 
get. I pointed out to him that I have nothing to do with the VRPAC or ACIP. All in all, he made 
a fool of himself and threatened to haul me before committee’s under oath if GOP takes over the 
Senate.
Sept. 15, 2022
Monkeypox cases continue to decline in daily cases.   Total for USA = ~22,000; for world 
~60,000:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1063 ---
Joel Szabat who was the acting Secretary of DoT during the trump administration asked 
me to say a few words to his group at the Department of Transportation at his last COVID 
meeting with them. Joel is really a good guy and he was so pleased that I took the time to pipe 
in by zoom to his last meeting and congratulate him and all the Department of Transportation 
workers for the good work that they did during the COVID outbreak. I was extraordinarily well 
received by the group for taking the time out to join them and to congratulate them on their good 
work.
I also have been doing on a regular basis the principals meeting as well as our resuming on 
a more regular basis the White House press briefings. I have not mentioned these in previous 
notes but they are occurring on a regular basis. Today I briefed the principles on the rationale for 
the BA .5 bivalence booster shots.
Letters of congratulations on my career and retirement from Pres. George W. Bush and Sen. 
Patrick Leahy:
Letter from Pres. 
George W. Bush  on               
Letter from Sen. 
Patrick Leahy (D-VT)    
PRESS:  LBC TV in UK with Andrew Marr; Texas  Tribune Festival Interview with Evan 
Smith; Financial Times interview; National Journal Interview
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1064 ---
Sept. 16, 2022
I have always thought that Bob redfield was somewhat of a bizarre personality and his 
history dating back to his time at Walter Reed has proven that. But I didn't think that he 
was as crazy as he is now manifested by an interview he gave with a totally weird person 
Paul Thacker in which he condemned Francis Collins and me I think we're the first ones 
beginning this award for misleading the American public and for lying to the American 
public and even accusing me of lying under oath at a congressional hearing.It is truly 
unfortunate that as a former CDC director he has stooped so low as to get into the 
conspiracy theory space:
Former CDC Director Robert Redfield On Inside Battles 
WithAnthony Fauci, And Why Classified Information Will Point 
to aLab Accident in Wuhan
ROBERT REDFIELD: DICHRON INTERVIEW
Paul D. Thacker
Sep 15
--------
The Lancet report on COVID by a panel chaired by Jeffrey Sachs has recently come out 
and inappropriately equated the possibility of a lab leak with that of a natural occurrence 
of the virus. There has been an uproar among the biology community against Jeff who 
apparently removed from the panel anyone who felt strongly about the natural occurrence 
and actually went on a podcast with Robert F Kennedy, Jr talking about how the lab leak 
was likely the cause even though there is absolutely no evidence to indicate this. Prominent 
virologists including Angela Rasmussen and Peter Hotez have come out very strongly 
condemning Jeff saying that he should have been removed as chair on the basis of his 
strong prejudice and certainly on the basis of his allying himself with Robert F Kennedy 
junior. This is another example I believe of Richard Horton the editor of Lancet trying to 
get involved in controversial issues which bring attention to his journal. This is not the first 
time he has done this: 
The Telegraph:  Major Covid report suggests virus 
could have leaked from a US lab 
The Lancet’s paper said it is ‘feasible’ that Sars-Cov-2 emerged from a natural spillover or a lab incident, 
but elements provoke backlash 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1065 ---
*****Truly an insane piece by Bob Redfield:
Former CDC 
Director Robert Red                   
PRESS:   “Breaking Med”   online interview with Michael Smith;
Sept. 17, 2022
Chris and I had dinner over Ellen Sigal’s home together with Diana DeGette and her 
husband Judge Lino Lipinsky. It was an interesting conversation and part of the discussion was 
the fact that the GOP will probably haul me before their oversight committees and make a 
spectacle of the Wuhan, gain of function situation. Diana is the current Chair of the Energy and 
Commerce oversight committee and if the GOP wins the House, she will be the ranking minority 
member. This is very good for me but it doesn't completely shield me from there attacks which I 
need to be prepared for that will come either in the House with Jim Jordan et al or in the Senate 
with Rand Paul et al.   They will likely treat me like they treated Hillary Clinton during the 
Bengazi Hearings.
Sept. 18, 2022 – 
Met John Podesta and Leslie Dach at an award ceremony for me at Georgetown Prep  
where Chris and I received the Pedro Arrupe, SJ award for Exemplary Public Service.   
They were both aware that I will be attacked by the GOP after the election and I will likely 
need legal assistance. John offered to put together a program to develop a fund to pay my 
legal bills.
Sept. 19, 2022
I had to help clean up a bit of a mess today when the President casually said on a “60 
Minutes” interview that the pandemic was over. I had a number of press today and certainly I 
got asked the question particularly on NPR about how this relates to the fact that all of us have 
been saying that we are still in the middle of a pandemic and 400 people are dying each day. I 
gave the explanation that it really is a matter of semantics and that the president was referring to 
the fact that the fulminant stage of the outbreak is no longer present since we were experiencing 
800,000 cases a day and over 3000 deaths per day several months ago and the situation is very 
different now. However, I did emphasize that we are still in the middle of a pandemic.
It is likely that there will be another wave of infections in November:
Variant report 2022-09-14
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1066 ---
A variant wave is likely to start in at most 3 months
The BA.2.75 sublineage BA.2.75.2 (S:346T, S:486S, S:1119N) currently doubles in share every week (+80-
120%). It made up between 0.1 and 0.5% in samples from two weeks ago in Europe (in Asia, North 
America and Oceania, the share is higher at between 0.5-5%).
• Global Cov-Spectrum query
• Europe Cov-Spectrum query
If this growth trend continues, this variant will dominate in about two months. At this point, the growth 
advantage would manifest in increased overall growth in incidence and a variant wave would start 
around November - on top of the expected seasonal acceleration of transmission.
The growth advantage over resident BA.2 or BA.5 lineages is of the same order of magnitude as was the 
case when BA.5 displaced BA.2, which was sufficient to cause a summer wave.
Currently, BA.2.75.2 is the fastest growing lineage with more than 350 sequences available. The rest of 
this report will focus on other lineages that may end up growing faster than BA.2.75.
PRESS:  Canada TV “The Agenda” with Steve Paikin;  NPR “The World”  with Marco 
Werman;Podcast with Steve Morrison at CSIS; MiddleEast Broadcast Interview (TV); 
Rural Health Matters TV with Dr. Jeffrey Gold;
Sept. 20, 2020
• Typical media distortions.   Vivek Murthy was on MSNBC with Morning Joe and 
they showed a clip of POTUS saying that the pandemic was “over” and then they 
showed immediately after a short clip of “part” of my interview with Steve 
Morrison in a CSIS podcast of my saying:  FAUCI [clip]: “we are not where we need to be 
if we're going to be able to quote live with the virus because we know we're not going to 
eradicate it. we only did that with one virus, which is smallpox, and that was very different. 
because smallpox doesn't change from year to year or decade to decade or even from century 
to century.”   As expected this created somewhat of a disturbance with the meme being 
pitting me against the president of the United states. Rather typical press nonsense.
The POTUS is getting pushback and criticism in that he has inadvertently undermined out 
attempts to get more money from the Congress for COVID since the GOP will now quote 
him as saying the pandemic is “Over”.   I have been out there explaining that the POTUS 
meant that the “fulminant” nature of COVID when we were getting 3 to 4000 deaths per day is 
now behind us, whereas now even though we are at an acceptably high level of three to 400 
deaths per day, it is still much better than it was many months ago. It is as good an explanation as 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1067 ---
any to get us back on track with the world realizing that we still have to take COVID very 
seriously with the current toll per day as well as the possibility that we might wind up getting 
another variant such as BA.2.75.2 in November.
Went to the Kennedy Center last night to participate in the presentation to Cliff Lane of the 
Paul Volcker Career Achievement Medal (the “Sammies”)
PRESS:  Lancet Podcast interview; Podcast “Inside the Issues” with Alex Cohen 
(California); TED interview (Fireside Chat with David Biello);
Sept. 21, 2022
Nice Q & A with Erin Durkin in the National Journal about my relationship with Congress 
and different administrations:
Wednesday Q+A with Dr. Anthony Fauci
The infectious-disease expert-turned-political lightning rod 
discusses his next chapter, the high points of his work for 
seven presidents, and the lessons learned from the COVID 
outbreak. 
I had a very enjoyable interview for 45 minutes at the Atlantic Festival held at the new 
Wharf section of DC right off Main St. It was a very successful interview with an 
extraordinarily enthusiastic crowd then gave me the opportunity to explain in detail some 
of the nuanced issues associated with COVID and the interviewer Ross Anderson (Deputy 
Editor of The Atlantic  also asked a lot about my history dating back to my very early years 
at NIH.
Will receive Fulbright Prize on April 19, 2023:
2022 Fulbright Prize to Drs. Kizzmekia Corbett 
and Anthony Fauci
Benefits of vaccination and boosts:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1068 ---
PRESS:  Fireside chat at The Atlantic Festival (see above)
Sept. 22, 2022
United States 
• Total Cases: 95,700,347  7-Day average: 54,186 (-10.6%)
• Total Deaths: 1,049,864  7-Day average:  314 (-12.2%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,327,014  7-Day average 3,971 (-9.9%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 610,866,075 (428,321 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,510,139 (1,395 new)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1069 ---
Russia threatening nuclear attack on Ukraine as their forces are now losing to the 
Ukrainians
I testified before the Bipartisan Commission on Biodefense held at the Hudson Institute 
(Scooter Libby is Senior VP).   The group that I testified before was Joe Lieberman, Donna       
Shalala, Rep. Susan Brooks, Jin Greenwood, Tom Daschle, Tom Ridge (by zoom – unfortunately 
still severely compromised due to a stroke a couple of years ago).  The Commissioners all 
congratulated me on my career and praised me for my decades of public service. I gave a very 
energetic and passionate plea for support in the long term and consistently of our research 
component of the pandemic preparedness plan. I also spoke about the importance of major 
funding to modernize the CDC and their surveillance efforts. All in all, it was a very good 
appearance before an important Commission.   My old friend Joe Lieberman wished me “Cent 
Anni” and made a great joke:  “In every 75 year old person is a 35 year old that wondered what 
the heck happened.”
The White House MPX coordinators (Bob Fenton/Demetre Daskalakis) are trying to 
micromanage (Project by project) our and the CDC’s portfolio.   Bad news!!  They mean 
well, but this is unprecedented for any WH element to micromanage a research portfolio.
I received a delightful call today (pre-arranged) from former Congressman Joseph P. 
Kennedy III  informing me that I have been chosen to be honored at a gala in Boston with by 
the Edward M Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate. The award is given for service to 
the country and the co-awardee with me would be basketball legend Bill Russell formerly of the 
Boston Celtics. I had a wonderful conversation with Joe over the phone in which he expressed 
extraordinary admiration for me for what I have been through and the attacks against me by the 
far right.
On my way tomorrow to Aspen for “The Weekend” where I will do a “fireside chat” on COVID.
Monkeypox cases declining:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1070 ---
Sept. 23-25
I had a wonderful weekend in Aspen Co where I attended “The Weekebnd” hosted by 
Mukesh  Ambani (Reliance; Edythe Broad (The Broad Foundation); John Doerr (Kleiner 
Perkins); Ari Emanuel (Endeavor); Robert Kraft (New England Patriots); Yuri Milner 
(DST Global); Eric Schmidt (CEO Google); Patrick Whitesell (Endeavor).  The meeting 
coincided with the wedding in Aspen of my niece Carolyn Huskey.  The participants in the 
meeting were the typical AAA crowd of politicians, economists, journalists, sports figures, 
among others. On the side I had a very nice conversation with Alex Rodriguez (A-Rod) who 
proved to be a very intelligent thoughtful person. There were also very interesting discussions 
about Ukraine and Russia and cyber security. I did a fireside chat with David Agus on COVID. 
Many people including Ash Carter of Harvard Kennedy School and Marc Tessier-Lavigne 
(President of Stanford) were approaching me about my post-NIH life.  As usual, I said no 
discussion until 2023.
Sept. 26, 2022
I had another of my very regular zooms with Sir Chris Whitty and Sir Patrick Valance from 
the UK and compared notes on COVID and Monkeypox
In the GE Hatchett newspaper:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1071 ---
’Work from the shadows’: How Trump’s COVID response ties to a former professor’s GW 
email
Emails and documents obtained from the subcommittee found that Hatfill devised a plan for 
Navarro to call on the Department of Justice to investigate Anthony Fauci, the director of the 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, his staff and other officials like former FDA 
Commissioner Steven Hahn to “shut them up for a bit.”
Sept. 27, 2022
I did not think that Rick Bright would last at the Rockefeller Foundation. They may have 
caught on to him.   He is probably the “former BARDA official” who said nasty things 
about me to the WSJ.
Former Health Official Bright to 
Leave Pandemic Prevention Post
Rick Bright in 2020. Photographer: Greg Nash/The Hill/Bloomberg
By Madison Muller
September 26, 2022 at 9:35 PM EDT
 
Rick Bright, a former US health official who condemned the Trump 
administration’s Covid-19 response, is leaving a Rockefeller 
Foundation pandemic prevention effort just over a year and a half after 
being tapped to lead it. 
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1072 ---
Spectrum News:   Rand Paul pushing back against additional COVID funds that I and our 
HHS/WH colleagues are asking for:
Sen. Rand Paul introduces bill to divert COVID-
19 funds toward disaster recovery efforts
Vaccine effectiveness from Israel:
Sept. 28, 2022
Had a great dinner last night at my home with Tom Frieden and Chris. Tom is the president 
and CEO of Resolve to Save Lives, In the organization he formed with the financial help of 
Michael Bloomberg and Mark Zuckerberg. It was a very interesting evening and I got a lot of 
information of what it is like to leave the federal government as he did when he left the CDC and 
to go out on your own in a new adventure. Tom has always been a good friend and emphasized 
how much I helped and supported him in the CDC when he was the director.
Amazing that Mbeki is still spoutin AIDS-denialism.   He is currently Chancellor of a university 
in RSA (Unisa):
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1073 ---
TAC slams Mbeki for repeating his 'HIV 
denialist' views, demands apology 
Terrific podcast of TWIV with Vince Racaniello who interviews Eddie Holmes who 
vigorously defends me regarding the famous Feb. 1, 2020 teleconference.   He says that I have 
been terribly unjustifiably vilified when I should be commended for my behavior during that 
phone call:
TWiV 940: Eddie Holmes in on viral origins
Sept. 29, 2022 
I had a terrific meeting with Jeff Zients this morning on the back deck of my house in our 
usual breakfast meeting, of which we have had many over the last almost two years.  Jeff 
was following up with me to see how I was doing following the announcement of my retirement. 
He has been extremely helpful in guiding me about the proper steps to take in the transition to 
non-government life. It is also noteworthy that he and his former deputy Natalie Quillian have 
been asked by President Biden to line up names four people to occupy leadership positions in the 
administration at the end of the second year and as the new Congress comes in. In addition to 
details about what I am going to be doing over the coming months, Jeff asked my advice about 
names of people who could fill senior positions particularly in the arena of health and science.
Ebola is starting to heat up in Uganda.    Deputies meeting tomorrow via SCIF to scope out 
the situation.  I will attend.    About 50 cases in rural Uganda
Sept. 30, 2022
United States 
• Total Cases: 96,052,716  7-Day average: 47,112 (-13.1%)
• Total Deaths: 1,053,173  7-Day average:  344 (-6.7%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,353,767  7-Day average 3,733 (-7.4%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 613,942,561 (460,497 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,520,263 (1,248 new)
We had the deputies meeting in the SCIF today on Ebola in Uganda led by the White 
House National Security Council. This was preceded by a preparatory meeting among the 
HHS team led by Andrea Palm. During that meeting Andrea got very upset with Henry Walke 
and Rochelle of CDC Because they were falling into the same trap as they did with COVID 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1074 ---
when they were indicating that they will likely go into slow walk the availability of diagnostics. 
It seems that the CDC just has not learned a lesson at all about the catastrophe regarding the 
availability of diagnostics during COVID.  During the meeting with the deputies, my role was to 
tell them about the 100 doses of the Sudan ebola vaccine that we have at the VRC.  it was a lot of 
discussion about everything from isolation to travel to availability of interventions to dealing 
with the Ugandans. There are currently no cases outside of Uganda in cases have been confined 
to four provinces in Uganda. There was a concern that the neighboring countries of Rwanda and 
DRC are vulnerable.  Also, there was considerable discussion about how we would handle the 
entry of potentially or actually infected patients from Uganda into the country. Approximately 
140 people a day fly in to the United states indirectly from Uganda since there are no direct 
flights from Uganda to the United States.
JAMA news article by Len Strazewski:
Dr. Fauci stood up for science when it counted. 
What’s next?
Other variants are starting to evolve such as BA.4.6, BF.7 and BA.2.75.2:
Oct. 1, 2022 –
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1075 ---
We had a 1 hour meeting today with all the relevant members of HHS (CDC, NIH, 
BARDA, ASPR, etc. ) led by deputy secretary Andrea Palm to work out the departmental 
approach towards the Ebola outbreak in Uganda. The NIH’s (NIAID) major role will be to 
provide 100 doses of the Sudan specific ebola vaccine from our VRCfor Uganda. In order 
to go through the proper diplomatic channels, Dr. Tedros (DG of WHO) wrote me an 
official letter requesting that I send our hundred doses to Uganda (see below):
Director_National 
Institute of Allergy a   
Oct. 2, 2022
We had multiple zooms today (with HHS folks) that will culminate with a briefing of 
secretary Becerra on the evolving situation of Ebola in Uganda.  I brought up in the 
premating the consistent difficulties that we have with WHO who always want to actually 
design the protocols and then have organizations like NIH or CDC be the implementers of their 
protocols. This arrogance lies fundamentally with Anna Maria Restropo who has clashed 
frequently with Cliff Lane in prior Ebola situations dating back to 2014. We shall see how all of 
this plays out. Currently, there are 30 confirmed cases of Ebola in Uganda and more than 20 
probable cases. In the zoom meetings we discussed all of the things that we discussed in the past 
when ebola struck West Africa and DRC. This has to do with the availability of testing, with the 
issue of travel into the country of people who might be infected with ebola, as well as our role in 
supplying vaccines testing and therapies in the form of monoclonal antibodies and other drugs to 
the Ugandans. More to come. Becerra backs my concern about the WHO trying to dictate the 
design of clinical trials.   I referred to Anna Maria Restropo without mentioning her name.   
Becerra gets it.
Oct. 4, 2022
Starting to get significant uptick in cases in the UK. This is troublesome since we usually 
follow them by about four to five weeks.
Oct. 5, 2022
An example of the White House over ruling CDC. Rochelle and the CDC do not want to 
require entry screening of people coming in from Uganda in the context of ebola; however, 
the White House is very hyper about covering all the bases and on demanding a modified 
form of entry screening even though Uganda is requiring exit screening.
PRESS:   CBS “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
Oct. 6, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1076 ---
Yesterday I went up to New York City to appear on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. 
It was hilarious and the theme was to give people their booster shot. As part of the scripted show 
he asked me if I was going to get my booster and I said I'm due for it and he said well let's go get 
it. We got up walked out of the studio went to the Duane Reade pharmacy and got the shot.  The 
response to the show has been phenomenal!!
Many new variants hovering around.   From Trevor Bedford:
PRESS:  NJ PBS “Chat Box” with David Cruz; News Nation with Chris Cuomo;
Oct. 7, 2022
Note the growth advantage that BQ.1.1. has over BA.5.   We definitely need to watch out 
for these new Omicron sublineage variants as we approach late Fall/early Winter :
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1077 ---
We are doing very poorly compared to other countries in boosting out population:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1078 ---
Oct. 8, 2022
United States 
• Total Cases: 96,363,451  7-Day average: 43,693 (-8.4%)
• Total Deaths: 1,056,029  7-Day average:  324 (-13.1%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,376,728  7-Day average 3,376 (-7.8%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 616,951,418 (466,669 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,530,281 (1,543 new)
Oct. 9, 2022
PRESS:  CNN with Pamela Brown;
Oct. 10, 2022
Mike Gerson wrote an amazing piece on me in the Washington Post:
Opinion 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1079 ---
Why Anthony Fauci is the greatest public 
servant I have known
By Michael Gerson
Columnist |
October 10, 2022 at 1:08 p.m. EDT
American political disagreements have often come down to us in the form of vivid dyads. Alexander 
Hamilton vs. Thomas Jefferson. Stephen A. Douglas vs. Abraham Lincoln. Franklin D. Roosevelt vs. Arthur 
H. Vandenberg.
One such conflict over the past few years has been Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) vs. Anthony S. Fauci, the 
longtime head of the department of infectious diseases at the National Institutes of Health.
I am not referring here to any moral or intellectual equivalence between the figures. Their inequality, in 
fact, is a central part of the story. Paul’s contempt for expertise, his spread of conspiracy theories, his 
use of oversight as ambush — all this indicates a performative approach to governing. Reality does not 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1080 ---
ultimately count; the play is the thing. And Paul has found an audience among ideologues who 
demonstrate their fidelity by taking some extra poison in their pudding.
The single most shocking fact to come out of the recent pandemic has been the unfair self-
apportionment of pain and death. People in majority-Republican counties experienced 73 more deaths 
from covid-19 per 100,000 people than those in majority-Democratic counties. There are a variety of 
explanations. One is certainly the use of high office to discourage the most basic means of self-
preservation during a deadly disease outbreak. Imagine if it had been Democratic public authorities 
encouraging Republican self-victimization. But it was Republican officials who did it — and found it an 
effective method of self-publicization.
On the other side has stood Fauci. In more than 50 years at the NIH, Fauci has been accustomed to 
scientific debates in which disagreements emerge as the result of seeking different methods in the 
pursuit of the same goals. But Paul and his co-ideologues have left the assumption of shared objectives 
in tatters. And this has constituted an attack on the very idea of public service — the notion that true 
experts can make a career in seeking the common good.
For Fauci, it has been a professional and moral commitment that politics should stop at the human 
biome’s edge. This does not imply that scientific experts are perfect. To the contrary, the purpose of the 
scientific method is to organize failure into deeper insight. But it does mean that scientific truth is not 
relative — or determined in the political realm.
In attempting to demonize Fauci, his critics gained a fundraising target. And that, by their own lights, is 
the definition of political success. But seldom has the choice of an attack been more of a self-indictment. 
Fauci is not only a symbol of public health orthodoxy; he has done as much as any scientist to turn 
medical innovation into humanitarian progress.
For generations, Fauci has applied a low-key excellence to fighting domestic AIDS, tropical infectious 
diseases, global AIDS and Ebola. His role in the creation of the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS 
Relief has helped save tens of millions of lives and built medical infrastructure across the developing 
world. His focus and public investment have brought us to the verge of vaccines against malaria, one of 
the world’s deadliest parasites.
Fauci is a symbol of sorts. He demonstrates what can happen when a nation at the height of its power 
employs the finest scientific minds of their generation to the pursuit of public health goals few believed 
were possible. The result has been a golden age of public health, motivated by an American belief in 
human dignity.
This is not the kind of reputation to be dented by political attacks or internet rumors. It is a legacy 
praised each day by the chorus of millions of breaths that would otherwise be silent. A vast chorus of 
the nearly lost.
As someone who worked for a few years with Fauci during George W. Bush’s administration, I saw how 
he pushed for new ideas and new funding: by expressing his passion for the scientific project itself. He is 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1081 ---
the ultimate explainer. In briefings, he did not conspire to make himself seem smart. He made those he 
briefed feel they had spent a few minutes looking out on a vast landscape of innovation.
Robin Givhan: Fauci carried all our angst and anger with patience and decency
Fauci assumes that everyone is rational and thus persuadable. That is not quite true. But when he 
described to me the shifting shell of sugars that surround and protect the AIDS virus, or how mRNA 
vaccines work, it left a few impressions. First, how something that can kill you can be so fascinating. But 
also how much Fauci’s friendship felt like mentorship. The greatness of his calling rubbed off a bit. And 
one was left with the infection of his mission.
Fauci’s forthcoming retirement as director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
will cost Americans, and people around the world, far more than they realize. But he will ever remain 
the greatest public servant I have known.
Oct. 11, 2022
Met with the Indian contingent for the VAP program (Vaccine Action Plan), a program I 
started with India 34 years ago.  We signed an updated MOU to continue the program.   Dinner 
tonight at the Indian Ambassador to USA (Taranjit Singh Sandhu) at his home together with the 
Indian Finance Minister tonight
PRESS:  NBC News Medical Unit with Ashkay Syal;
Oct. 12, 2022
Met in Building 31 with Stella Kryiakides, Commissioner of EU for Health and Food Safety 
and Peter Piot to discuss COVID and other issues including Monkeypox.   Enjoyable 
meeting.   She told me how much all of Europe relied on my advice on COVID, particularly 
during the 1st year.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1082 ---
Oct. 13, 2022
Had a very disappointing conversation today with Dep Sec Andrea Palm, Kevin Barstow 
and the HHS General Counsel Samuel Bagenstos.   They essentially told me that they will 
not be able to help me at all after I leave government service on December the 31st.  In 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1083 ---
particular, they will not be able to provide me with legal backup if I get called before 
oversight committees if the GOP takes over the Congress. In addition, they are going to 
discontinue my protective service that has been given to me for the past 2 1/2 years. They even 
went on to suggest that I could hire a private security firm to protect me. I would say that this is a 
relinquishment of their responsibility to me since everything that I've done that has put me into 
this position I've done in my service to HHS and the US government.
PRESS: Interview with Rodney Russel for the journal Viral Immunology; Interview with 
WHO Bulletin; Interview with Ed Randell “Fans for the Cure” Radio Show;
Oct. 14, 2022
United States 
• Total Cases: 96,640,059  7-Day average: 38,949 (-11.9%)
• Total Deaths: 1,058,692  7-Day average:  328 (-8.5%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,400,083  7-Day average 3,268 (-4.4%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 620,301,709 (417,329 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,540,487 (1,094 new)
I had a delightful zoom conversation with a 3rd year student at Bronx High School of 
Science – Ayshi Sen, an immigrant from Bangladesh. She is writing for her school newspaper 
and she asked for an interview.   She was over the moon that I agreed to do the interview
Considerable concern that is growing about the impact of new variants that have a 
transmission advantage and that evade the critical monoclonal antibodies such as Evusheld:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1084 ---
PRESS: Interview with Erin Banco of Politico;   Interview with The Guardian with David 
Smith
Oct. 16, 2022
Did a panel at the Annual meeting of the NAM.   Panel chaired by Salim Abdul Karim.  I 
spoke on “Lesson Learned from COVID-19”.   Has a brunch at “Founding Farmers” restaurant 
with Salim and Quarraisha.  Still very tough going out in public since I get swamped by people 
wanting selfies.   The agents do not like that since if I say yes to one then a whole crowd forms.
Washington Post Opinion piece by John Erickson:
Opinion 
Anthony Fauci’s work saved countless lives
October 16, 2022 at 12:15 p.m. EDT
Nice 50th Anniversary Gala of NAM at the Building Museum. I was individually recognized 
and got a prolonged standing ovation.   Heartwarming as I as totally mobbed by my colleagues 
wanting selfies.   I must have done at least 100 (no exaggerating!)
PRESS:   ABC “This Week” interview with Jon Karl;
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1085 ---
Oct. 17, 2022
Crazy thing has now emerged. Boston University investigators have done an experiment 
that clearly would have fallen under the category of oversight by the P3CO process. Yet 
they never told our NIAID program people about it, nor was there any mention of these 
experiments in the grant that they cited in the pre print paper, nor was there any mention of this 
in the progress reports from the grant. What they did was swap an omicron spike on to a Wuhan 
matrix to determine the effect of the chimera on the function of the virus. As you might expect 
the people who have been attacking us for gain-of-function research are jumping all over this. 
We are putting out a statement indicating that we knew nothing of these experiments and they 
should have told us about them and put it through the P3CO process. Let us see how this plays 
out.
Oct. 18, 2022
Had one of my intermittent calls from Joan Baez just checking on seeing how I am doing.  I 
would love to visit her after I step down just o see where she is living in California
Oct. 19, 2022
BU admits that they did the experiments on their own and did not use NIAID funds.  Stll 
ongoing discussion whether this was actually GOF since fewer mice died.   In any event, we 
are clear of this.
Presented for the last time as NIAID Director to the Executive Committee of IDSA at the 
Marquis Marriott Hotel in DC
PRESS:  CBS TV News; 
Oct. 20, 2022
Honored with Chris and Francis Collins and Diane Baker at a Rooftop Reception by the 
Friends of Patients at NIH
PRESS:  WNYC Radio – “The Brian Lehrer Show”; Taped Local NBC TV with Doreen 
Gentzler;
Oct. 21, 2022
United States 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1086 ---
• Total Cases: 97,063,357  21-Day average: 39,803 (-30.9%)
• Total Deaths: 1,065,152  21-Day average:  388 (-13%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,422,246  7-Day average 3,156 (-4.4%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 623,470,447 (371,876 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,551,678 (1,143 new)
Presented Alexander Fleming Award of the IDDSA to Larry Corey at the DC Convention 
Center
Humbling experience for me as I received a prolonged standing ovation from the crowd of 6000 
people as I walked on to the stage to introduce Larry. Also, the IDSA established a perpetual 
prize in my name the IDSA Anthony S. Fauci Prize for “courage in leadership in speaking 
scientific truth, perseverance in the face of opposition and serving as a change agent for 
health care and patients around the world”.
BQ.1.1 is gaining ground!
Oct. 22, 2022
PRESS: ABC “Good Morning America” (weekend); Gave interview with Roxanne Roberts 
of the Washington Post in connection with the unveiling of my portrait by Hugo 
Crosthwaite at the National Portrait Gallery
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1087 ---
Oct. 24, 2022
The Uganda Ebola outbreak is spreading in Kampala and causing concern.
Interesting meeting this AM at the Pentagon.   At the invitation of general Charles Brown, I 
was given a tour of the Pentagon. Apparently, a lot of people at the Pentagon admire me very 
much and wanted to have the opportunity to show me around the facility. I spent close to two 
hours getting a tour that was truly fascinating and enjoyable given my love of the history of wars, 
and the response to me was very moving. Several women civilian employees as well as military 
officers came over to me wanting selfies and in their telling me how much they admired what I 
have done throughout my career, more than one of them actually broke into tears as they were 
telling me how much they appreciated me. It was very moving. I also had the opportunity to have 
a chat with Secretary Lloyd Austin as well as my friend Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
Mark Milley.  Mark was amazing.  He gave me his new Joint Chiefs Chairman challenge coin 
as well as a signed copy of three books: the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, And 
Washington's rules of civility. He was also hilarious and telling me that President Biden, 
Attorney General Merrick Garland, himself, and I are going to be attacked by the GOP if they 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1088 ---
take over the house and the Senate. Mark’s comments to their attempts on attacking us amounted  
to two words that he told me: “Fuck ‘em”. He told me he was not going to take any shit from 
them. As a military officer he will act with civility, but if they try to push him around and 
embarrass him and humiliate him publicly he will blow them away. It was refreshing to hear him 
and his response to what I will almost certainly be facing, and I totally agree with him.
PRESS:  Extensive profile interview with Der Spiegel with Raphaela von Bredow
Oct. 25, 2022
COVID in Poland versus USA
I did an event at the White House with President Biden where he got vaccinated in front of 
a TV camera after interacting with me, Ashish, and Vivek, as well as several CEO's of 
pharmaceutical corporations such as CVS, Rite Aid, Walgreens, and Albertsons.  The POTUS 
was extremely nice to me giving me a big hug in front of everyone and telling everybody that he 
and I have been through hell together and that I saved the country and was the one that kept it all 
together when things really got bad. He was really quite sincere and very nice.
The anti-Fauci rhetoric is heating up leading to election on November 8:
STAT: On the campaign trail, Republicans ramp 
up anti-science, anti-Covid, often anti-Fauci 
messaging
PRESS:   Interview with “HCare”; Hearst TV; MSNBC TV with Lindsey Reiser; “The 
Skimm” podcast; WHUR DC radio; KMOJ Minneapolis radio; WAMJ Atlanta radio; 
Michigan Chronical newspaper; NewsStitched newspaper; “Make it Plain” podcast with 
Rev. Mark Thompson; MSNBC with Alex Wagner
Oct. 26, 2022
Important history of women accusing me of sexual misconduct.   This is well-documented 
in the attached document:
FAKE NEWS
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1089 ---
She Said Anthony Fauci Sexually 
Assaulted Her. Now She Says Jacob 
Wohl and Jack Burkman Paid Her to Lie.
After failing to frame Robert Mueller, Elizabeth Warren, and 
others for sexual misconduct, the infamous Trumpster hoaxers 
tried to go after Fauci. But the woman they hired to play the 
victim had second thoughts.
NANCY ROMMELMANN | 5.7.2020 11:00 AM
Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on RedditShare by 
emailPrint friendly 
version
https://reason.com/2020/05/07/she-said-anthony-fauci-sexually-assaulted-her-now-she-says-
jacob-wohl-and-jack-burkman-paid-her-to-lie/ 
I'd just finished Saturday morning's second cup of coffee when an email 
popped through, subject line: "Exposing Jacob Wohl and Jack Burkman."
"Hi Nancy, I hope you are having a nice weekend. I feel very bad about lying 
to you and others about Dr. Fauci. I took it upon myself to call Jacob Wohl 
and Jack Burkman and record them (see attached)… Many thanks and again, 
I feel very bad about all this. I apologize to you, the other reporters and Dr. 
Fauci."
The writer of the email identified herself as Diana Andrade. I had never 
before emailed with Andrade, but had spoken with her 10 days earlier, when I 
knew her as "Diana Rodriguez." At that time, Rodriguez alleged that when 
she was 20 years old, in 2014, she'd been sexually assaulted by Dr. Anthony 
Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
and one of the most visible faces in the government's response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic.
For those lucky enough to be unfamiliar with the exploits of Wohl and 
Burkman, they are pro-Trump provocateurs who've found a niche drumming 
up fake sexual harassment allegations that end comically badly, including 
against former FBI Director Robert Mueller (who turned out to have been 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1090 ---
serving jury duty the day he was supposed to have committed the assault) and 
Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren (the press conference for which took place 
on Burkman's stoop, and whose supposed victim was a 24-year-old Marine).*
Being on the receiving end of an allegation of sexual misconduct is now a rite 
of political passage—a perverse sign you've made it. Fauci's star rose in 
March as he appeared at COVID-19 briefings day after day, outshining 
President Donald Trump and occasionally knocking the president's 
pronouncements out of the headlines. Here, then, was an opportunity for 
Wohl and Burkman to take down the newest of Trump's perceived enemies, 
to maybe become favorites in Trump's actual orbit. On the chance it would 
cause their own star to rise, they would move Fauci toward irrelevancy, if not 
infamy.
The rollout of their latest smear job was a fiasco, a series of "media alerts" 
announcing press conferences with no start times, never mind that neither the 
public relations contact nor the company she worked for appeared to exist, 
and a "statement" from Rodriguez so breathless it seemed intended to steam 
up the windows. (Not for nothing, Sally Quinn recently confessed she based a 
thinly veiled D.C. heartthrob in her 1991 bestseller Happy Endings on Fauci, 
so Wohl and Burkman aren't the first to write this particular fan fiction.)
"He looked rich and powerful, and I love smart men with grey hair. He told 
me all about his fantastic career in medicine, so I went upstairs," Rodriguez 
wrote of her fictional meeting with Fauci at the bar of the Four Seasons Hotel 
in Washington, D.C. After detailing some ineffective hotel bed wrestling and 
managing to flee with her honor intact, Rodriguez closed with the statement, 
"Now, when I see him on TV touted as some kind of hero, I want the nation 
to know the truth. This is my truth. This is my story."
It was all in a league of its own weirdness, a collision of Harlequin romance 
and #MeToo. Nevertheless, several journalists called into a conference call to 
hear Rodriguez's story. We were treated, instead, to Wohl and Burkman on 
the line, stating they'd on the fly been invited to represent Rodriguez, who 
haltingly told a story that varied significantly from the media alert and, when 
questioned for clarification, was talked over by Wohl.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1091 ---
"People come forward against figures that are considered media darlings with 
very credible allegations and are attacked by the media," he told us. "And you 
see the same sort of victim-blaming here."
He and Burkman then tried to dissemble past there not being one verifiable 
fact or person in their latest confection, implausibly invoked the name of 
Kevin Spacey as someone who would speak for their client, and confirmed 
for reporters that the original location of the press conference had been at the 
Chinese Embassy.
"They were kind enough to offer the venue and there's not a lot of open 
venues these days," said Burkman during the call. (He had "a contact there.") 
It was all beyond absurd, and when the reporters finally stopped laughing, 
one asked, "Can you just tell us you're pulling a prank here?"
With the exception of The Daily Dot, which covered the claim only to 
debunk it, no outlet touched the story. There was no there there, and while it 
might've been instructive to show readers how the rancid sausage is made, 
did we want to give these charlatans more sunshine, especially in light of 
Fauci leading the battle against a deadly pandemic?
And that would have been that—until Saturday's email, which included 
Andrade telling me, "The reality is that I've known Jacob since 2018 and that 
he charmed me into taking money to do this (see attached picture of us 
together)," taken when they were romantically involved. Also, that Wohl and 
Burkman "had me do something like this…back in January."
"And I understand they're trying to get another girl to do it, too," she writes. 
"They asked me if I knew anyone to do it."
Andrade was correct. The day before, I'd received another press release, this 
time from Burkman, citing a new accusation by "Karen Draper," a "former 
assistant" of Fauci—a person and claim almost certainly as vaporous as the 
last. Why did they keep trying the same scam when they were clearly so bad 
at it?
"They are interested in one thing: power," Andrade writes. Sure, but how 
could such buffoonery be perceived as power? Were they so desperate to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1092 ---
catch Trump's eye they would pounce on anyone garnering public adulation, 
something the president was temperamentally unable to abide? And was there 
any upside to the rest of us knowing what animates a couple of amateur dirty 
tricksters, wannabe Roger Stones minus the charisma and connections?
Andrade, having been in the muck with these two, thought people should 
know. She had not acted nobly—and had taken money for not acting nobly—
to try to bring down a man she had never met. Disgust with the enterprise 
made her want Wohl and Burkman to admit what they'd put her up to. The 
deciding factor to get them on tape, however, was Wohl asking her to provide 
another girl.
"I ignored his inquiry about this," she writes. "But it led me to feel like I 
needed to blow the whistle."
***
During the nine-minute, 35-second call, Wohl and Burkman do not cover 
themselves in glory. They hector Andrade when she says she's feeling 
paranoid and wants reassurance that everything's fine.
"What could be wrong, Diana?" Wohl asks. "You did a good job, you got 
paid. What's the problem? What seems to be the issue? You're freaking out. 
You're texting me late at night. What's the issue?"
"What's the problem? What's your problem?" echoes Burkman. "Tell me 
what the problem is? What's your problem?"
She says she's uncomfortable with the money they gave her, some guy 
showing up, claiming to be a lawyer, with his face hidden by a cap.
"Is he even a real lawyer?" she asks. "I looked him up."
"Yeah, he's a real lawyer," Wohl says. "He's a good lawyer," and then goes 
on to brag about that lawyer's White House connections.
It's possible that a White House–connected lawyer might have hand-delivered 
five figures in cash to Andrade in Los Angeles. It's also possible Wohl made 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1093 ---
up the whole thing. But she says she did get the money, and Wohl and 
Burkman are clearly eager to imply that they are intimate with Team Trump.
The cloaks and daggers might have been discomfiting, but ultimately were a 
distraction from what Andrade wanted on tape. She proposes she give back 
the cash and instead receive a wire transfer (thus creating a trace), a 
proposition Burkman shoots down. ("Cash is best," he tells her. "We don't 
want any records of this nonsense.") She wants the men to admit they are 
trying to bring down a person who in no part deserves it.
"Let me tell you something, Diana," says Burkman. "This guy shut the 
country down. He put 40 million people out of work. In a situation like that, 
you have to make up whatever you have to make up to stop that train and 
that's the way life works, OK? That's the way it goes."
Andrade counters that he and Wohl are not taking COVID-19 seriously. "It's 
not just any virus. I mean, it's a huge deal….I think you guys think it's 
something made up, and it's not."
"Mother Nature has to clean the barn every so often," Burkman counters. 
"How real is it? Who knows? So what if 1 percent of the population goes? So 
what if you lose 400,000 people? Two hundred thousand were elderly, the 
other 200,000 are the bottom of society. You got to clean out the barn. If it's 
real, it's a positive thing, for God's sake."
"So, what? Survival of the fittest?" Andrade asks, a bit more pique in her 
voice. (The sense you are dealing with people who have an enthusiasm for 
eugenics can do that.) But Wohl's not having it.
"Diana, look, can you just do this for me?" he says. "Can you just keep your 
mouth shut and just…just do it for me."
"Oh Jacob, come on," she says. "You have a way of charming people…and 
there are a lot of things I don't want to say in front of Jack but I am so done 
with you. I do not want to deal with this anymore. I think you're actually an 
evil person…you're just, you're just so charming until you get me cornered. I 
don't know how you do it, but you find a way to make me go along with your 
little plans."
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1094 ---
At this, the men talk over each other, telling Andrade she "readily 
volunteered" and asking who cares if she "made up a story. Grow up, for 
Christ's sake." And those harassing phone calls she's started getting since the 
conference call?
"Probably telemarketers," Wohl tells her.
Shortly afterward, Andrade ends the call. Then she emails me.
***
"I'm sure you noticed I wasn't following the script," she says, after our first 
email, with regard to the story told on the conference call not lining up with 
the press statement. Yes, I say, it was pretty bad.
There was "no preparation!" she says. Jacob "just told me, because he knows 
my other story, he just said, 'Use the same stuff.'"
The "same stuff" is a reference to a sexual assault Andrade says she 
experienced when she was just out of high school, when she was attacked in a 
car by a much older man. The incident caused her shame, both having been 
assaulted by someone she barely knew but thought she could trust and also 
"because I lied to my mom about where I was when this happened."
"For many reasons, I couldn't talk about it," she says, but she had told Wohl, 
back when they were involved. It had made him angry on her behalf, and this 
past January, he had made her an offer.
"He said, 'Well, you know you don't want to talk about this, but maybe this 
could be another way of talking about it.'" He then asked her to recraft her 
experience into an accusation against an Academy Award–winning actor. He, 
Wohl, would pay her to do it.
"He said, 'We actually need someone like this, and maybe it'd be good 
practice for you to be able to talk about this,'" she recalls. "'Just talk about 
how you feel about the real thing, but take it out against this other person.'" 
Andrade made the accusation. She never knew why Wohl wanted her to do 
this, and the story never gained traction. Wohl then had her try again with 
Fauci. Another strikeout.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1095 ---
As feeble as they are at pulling off these cons, Wohl and Burkman appear to 
appreciate what a powerful motivator shame can be and how it has been used 
traditionally to keep women quiet. They have refashioned 
#BelieveAllWomen into a tool for their own purposes, including in their most 
recent media alert about the press conference, called for this Friday, for 
alleged Fauci victim "Karen Draper."
"This is becoming a disturbing pattern, and the left-wing media has no 
interest in letting women speak their truth," Burkman wrote in the press 
release. "I'm hopeful that Karen will be able to tell her story and help bring 
this troubling series of events to light."
"I don't know how they do all these things and why they do all these things," 
Andrade says. "Also, he tried to frame Mueller…I'm like, how is he not in 
jail?"
Reached by email for this story, Wohl responded "no comment" and 
Burkman replied only: "We stand by Diana and her allegations." Even 
Andrade herself has been vague on some details of her own biography, 
adding another layer of obfuscation and mystery to an already fantastical 
narrative.
I ask Andrade if she'd ever considered that Wohl might blackmail her by 
exposing the assault she experienced. She says she does not think he will, and 
that despite what he'd roped her into she "still wishes good things for Jacob." 
But there was one thing she did wonder, in light of his attempts to bring 
down Mueller and Fauci.
"I don't understand," she says, "how he doesn't get in trouble."
***
Maybe it was the noncommittal murmurs Andrade had started to make, but a 
little more than seven minutes into the taped call, something seemed to occur 
to Wohl.
"You haven't talked to anybody, have you?" he asked.
"Mm," said Andrade.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1096 ---
"No one, no one, Diana," he said. "I think it's the weekend; you're bored, 
you're worked up. Can you sit on this for the weekend? Don't talk to anyone 
about this. Not your parents, not anyone, and it'll be fine."
"And is Dr. Fauci fine?" she asked. "I mean, is everything going to be fine 
with him?"
With adversaries as chaotic and inept as Wohl and Burkman, the answer 
seems to be yes.
*CORRECTION: The original version of this story said Sen. Elizabeth 
Warren's accuse
PRESS: CNN with Kate Bolduan;
Oct. 27, 2022
I went to Boston yesterday to do a fireside chat with Peter Staley at the Harvard Kennedy 
School Institute of Politics. It was a record crowd of students from Harvard who are literally 
overwhelming in their enthusiasm and response to me. Among the students and present in the 
audience were Larry Summers (former President of Harvard and former Secretary of the 
Treasury) and Bill DiBlasio (former Mayor of NYC).  Had dinner with Jenny in Cambridge and 
she was radiantly beautiful!
COVID down in children:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1097 ---
I was part of a tribute to Larry Kramer where a Medallion describingwas placed at the front 
of 2 Fifth Avenue the apartment in Greenwich Village near Washington Square Park where 
Larry lived since 1973
Every day there is more conspiracy theory disinformation about me:
They had a Fauci “look-alike” contest in Florida with a prize being a weekend at an 
exclusive Inn:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1098 ---
THE AVENUE  |  LIFESTYLE
Dr. Anthony Fauci look-alikes take over 
downtown Gainesville
7 contestants pretended to be the president’s chief 
medical advisor
By Jiselle Lee 
•
October 27, 2022 | 2:19pm EDT
PRESS:  Joe Madison Sirius XM Radio; Frank Ski Show – Frank Ski and Nina Brown 
(Georgia/DC radio); Midday Flavor Radio (Alabama) with Jimmie Doctrie; WVON 
Morning Show (Chicago) with Rufus Williams; Epicenter NYC Jeanne Pinder Podcast;
Oct. 28, 2022
United States 
• Total Cases: 97,329,787  21-Day average: 37 (-25.1%)
• Total Deaths: 1,066,351  21-Day average:  373 (-13.7%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,445,602  7-Day average 3,217 (+1%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 626,090,018 (267,575 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,564,556 (618 new)
BQ.1 and BQ.1.1 becoming more prevalent:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1099 ---
PRESS:   MSNBC with Yasmin Vossoughian; Newsy with Marista Georgiou; Amsterdam 
News (New York) Heather Butts;V-103 (Atlanta)
Interviewer:  Maria Boynton; CNN with Jake Tapper;
Oct. 30, 2022
On “Meet the Press” this AM (Sunday) Chuck Todd discussed the attack on Paul Pelosi 
and mentioned several prominent people in Congress and Supreme Court who were also 
threatened and mentioned the arrest of the person who threatened me and my family
Oct. 31, 2022
PRESS:  ITV News – UK with Alex Sandler; Wired with Steven Levy;
Nov. 1, 2022
Met with Josh Levy today (via Zoom) and with his staff in person (Connie and Pang) to 
start making arrangement to give my papers and other material such as honorary 
doctorates to the Library of Congress.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1100 ---
Paxlovid saves lives:
PRESS:  CBS News interview with Michelle Miller (in anticipation of the Mohammed Ali 
Award; Diane Rehm podcast;
Nov. 2, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1101 ---
For 1st time in months, the 7 day average numbers are creeping up:
PRESS:   Article in Washington Post today by Roxanne Roberts on my portrait in the 
National Portrait Gallery; Tape American Cities Rebuilding with Jeff Greenfield; NPR 
with Rob Stein; Washington Post Podcast with Maggie Pennman;
Nov. 3, 2022
Washington Post story this AM indicating that Rand Paul will come after me if GOP tkes 
over Senate and he becomes chair of wither HELP or Homeland Security:
POLITICS
Rand Paul says U.S. botched covid. He could 
soon lead probes of it.
The Kentucky Republican, a fierce critic of the pandemic 
response, is in line to chair Senate health panel if GOP 
wins control
By Dan Diamond
 and 
Rachel Roubein
 
Updated November 2, 2022 at 6:00 a.m. EDT|Published November 1, 2022 at 11:30 p.m. 
EDT
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1102 ---
Nov. 3, 2022
Had Tabletop exercise at the EEOB-350 for emergence of new variant.  Led by Ashish Jha 
and Kevin O’Prey.   Present was HHS crew (with Becerra virtual) and Denis McDonough 
(VA).   Only 90 minutes.   We really did not accomplish much.   Some good comments by Denis 
McDonough.
Am starting to feel the reality of the fact that I am leaving for good in about 7 weeks.   A lot 
of clearing out to do in my office.
PRESS:  ABC (Local) WJLA TV – “Government Matters” with Mimi Geerges;
Canadian Broadcasting Company (CBC) The National News Program (Exit interview) 
with Adrienne Arsenault; Al Jazeera TV; News Radio 849 WHAS (Kentucky News Station)
Nov. 4, 2022
I received the call today from David Ho who had recently published a preprint article 
showing that the neutralizing antibody response against the BA4/5 variant induced by the 
bivalent BA 4/5 boost versus the ancestral strain boost were essentially equivalent, namely, 
the BA4/5 bivalent boost was no better than the standard boost. Last night, I heard from 
Pfizer in a zoom call with Jha and all of HHS (Walensky, Murthy, Kessler and my team at NIH) 
that in their experiments there was a fourfold higher titer associated with the boost by the 
bivalent BA4/5 compared to the boost with the ancestral strain. Pfizer claims that their study was 
controlled whereas the studies by Ho and Barouch were not and the numbers were small. David 
Ho called me today and emphasized that the combination of numbers of his study and Barouch's 
study made them equivalent in size to the Pfizer numbers. In addition, he made the important 
point that there were some discrepancies in the data that were in the press release from Pfizer 
which did not contain all of the data that made them concerned about the Pfizer data. In addition, 
David suggested that it is in Peter Mark's interest to agree with Pfizer since Pfizer confirms what 
his decision was about the BA4/5 bivalent boost. I do not know whether this is David Ho 
concerned that his data are not holding up or whether he has a very good point that Pfizer is not 
being totally above board with the presentation of their data. I will have to try to figure this out 
by discussing it with a few other people. I have already discussed it with Cliff  Lane and he 
thinks that both of those studies don't definitively show the answer since they both have 
weaknesses. Cliff recommends that the data undergo significant statistical analysis.
HOWEVER, Eric Topol reviews the different studies:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1103 ---
Great put down of the HELP Report in LA Times:
Column: ProPublica and Vanity Fair are pushing 
the COVID lab-leak theory, but their exposé is a 
train wreck
BY MICHAEL HILTZIKBUSINESS COLUMNIST 
NOV. 1, 2022 1:15 PM P
BQ.1 and BQ.1.1 continues to overcome BA4/5:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1104 ---
PRESS: CBC TV “Rosemary Barton Live”; 
Nov. 5, 2022
I had an amazing evening at the Mohammed Ali Gala in Louisville Kentucky where I 
received the Mohammed Ali Humanitarian Award for Lifetime Achievement. Others who 
received similar rewards included Jose Andres and former NBA Rookie of the year.  I had a 
wonderful tour of the Muhammad Ali Museum at the Muhammad Ali Center and I was 
introduced by Ali's wife Lonnie Ali.  I also received a personal tour of the Louisville Slugger 
baseball bat factory and I was given a bat specifically named for me. And enjoyable time all 
around. 
Of note was the extraordinarily enthusiastic reception I received from the people at the 
Louisville airport and at the Gala event.   I was totally mobbed for selfies.   Interesting that 
this is Rand Paul’s state (Kentucky) and I thought that I might not be well-received and I 
actually was totally met with love and admiration.
Six other honorees were recognized at Saturday's ceremony for embodying Muhammad Ali's Six core 
principles: confidence, conviction, dedication, giving, respect and spirituality. Those honorees include:
• Confidence Award winner Gitanjali Rao, a 17-year-old from Louisville was named Time 
Magazine's Kid of the Year for "inventions help to detect lead content in water, provide early 
diagnosis of prescription opioid addiction, and counter cyberbullying."
• Conviction Award winner Lefteris Arapakis from Greece for his work fighting pollution in the 
Mediterranean Sea. Arapakis also heads up an organization, Enaleia, that teaches people how to 
clean plastic out of the sea.
• Dedication Award winner Mohamad Al Jounde from Syria, has helped give 200 children access 
to education via the Gharsah School in Lebanon.
• Giving Award winner Liam Elkind, a Yale student who co-founded Invisible Hands during the 
COVID-19 pandemic to help ensure at-risk community members have access to food and 
medical supplies.
• Respect Award winner Malcolm Brogdon, the former NBA Rookie of the year, for his work in 
Tanzania with the Brogdon Family Foundation, which helps people access clean water and 
quality education.
• Spirituality Award winner Lual Mayen from South Sudan for working for refugee and migrant 
rights. He also founded Junub Games, an organization that teaches the "importance of peace 
through video games."
Nov. 7, 2022
I had a very important meeting today in Jeff Zients’ office where he arranged me to meet 
with Robert Bauer, former lawyer for President Obama and Dana Remus, lawyer for 
President Biden until July 2022 (4 months ago). Jeff wanted them to advise me about how I 
should handle my legal counsel for the upcoming oversight hearings that certainly will occur if 
the GOP take over the house and/or the Senate. It is clear that even with Pro bono considerations 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1105 ---
that this is going to cost me a lot of money since the GOP has promised that they would make 
my life miserable and blame me for virtually everything that happened bad to the country during 
the pandemic. Jeff has been an amazing friend to me and the next challenge would be to make 
sure that I have Secret Service protection after December 31st at which point HHS has stated that 
they have no responsibility or authority to protect me despite the multiple threats on my life. In 
addition, HHS will not provide me legal protection after I leave.
Later in the day I took off for New York City to receive the Yitzhak Rabin lifetime medical Leadership 
Award given by  American Friends of Rabin Medical Center at the Plaza Hotel. Before I got there it was 
somewhat of a harrowing experience since I was recognized walking from the Hilton Hotel on 6th Ave 
and 52nd St to the Plaza Hotel on 59th St and 5th Ave. I was beset by a horde of at least 20 paparazzi 
who followed me from 6th Ave to 5th Ave walking backwards surrounding me and flashing lights that 
blinded me. That has never happened to me before and is a full warning of what I'm going to have to 
expect. I absolutely must have security protection or I am going to be in deep trouble.
Nov. 8, 2022
Election day!
Deaths worldwide down 95% according to WHO
RSV surging in USA and also early and touch flu season emerging.
PRESS:  Cox Media TV; 
Nov. 9, 2022
Red (GOP) wave did not occur with many (not all) election deniers supported by Trump 
losing throughout the country.  Rand Paul wins in KY and during his acceptance speech 
says many times that the first thing he is going to do is to Investigate me.   However, the 
Senate may not flip to GOP.
Very tough races.   Will not know results until December since there is a runoff in Georgia 
between Warnock (D) and Walker (R).
Prepped Erik Stemy for briefing the E & C Oversight Staffers on Wuhan grant
PRESS:   NPR “Science Friday” with Ira Flatow
Nov. 10, 2022
Just for the record here is the full story on Connally whom Brett arrested:
S. Attorneys » District of Maryland » News
SHARE
Department of Justice
U.S. Attorney’s Office
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1106 ---
District of Maryland
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Thursday, August 4, 2022
Man Who Made Threats Against Dr. Anthony Fauci and 
Other Federal Officials Sentenced to Over Three Years in 
Federal Prison
Greenbelt, Maryland – U.S. District Judge Paula Xinis sentenced Thomas Patrick Connally, Jr., 
age 57, most recently of Snowshoe, West Virginia to 37 months in federal prison, followed by 
three years of supervised release, for making threats against a federal official, specifically for 
sending emails threatening harm to Dr. Anthony Fauci, the current Director of the National 
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health (NIH).  Connally 
further admitted threatening Dr. Francis Collins, the former Director of the NIH, Dr. Rachel 
Levine, currently the Assistant Secretary for Health at the U.S. Department of Health and Human 
Services, as well as a Massachusetts public health official and a religious leader. 
The sentence was announced by United States Attorney for the District of Maryland Erek L. 
Barron and Deputy Inspector General for Investigations Christian J. Schrank, Office of Inspector 
General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
“Everyone has the right to disagree, but you do not have the right to threaten a federal official’s 
life,” said U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland, Erek L. Barron.  “Threats like these will be 
prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.” 
“Today’s sentencing shows that individuals threatening violence against federal officials and 
others will be held accountable for their crimes,” said Deputy Inspector General for 
Investigations Christian J. Schrank of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office 
of Inspector General.  “The public, including public servants, deserve the utmost safety and the 
assurance that they can perform their duties without interference.  Our agency, working closely 
with our law enforcement partners, will continue to bring those who threaten violence to justice.”
According to Connally’s plea agreement, from December 28, 2020, to July 25, 2021, Connally 
used an anonymous email account from a provider of secure, encrypted email services based in 
Switzerland, to send a series of emails to Dr. Anthony Fauci, the current Director of the National 
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (“NIAID”) and the Chief Medical Advisor to 
President of the United States, threatening to harm and/or kill Dr. Fauci and members of his 
family.  One of the emails threatened that Dr. Fauci and his family would be “dragged into the 
street, beaten to death, and set on fire.”  On April 24, 2021, alone, Connally sent seven 
threatening emails starting at 10:05 p.m.
As detailed in Connally’s plea agreement, also on April 24, 2021, beginning at 9:34 p.m., 
Connally sent Dr. Francis Collins, the then-Director of the NIH, a series of four emails 
threatening Dr. Collins and his family with physical assault and death if Dr. Collins did not stop 
speaking about the need for “mandatory” COVID-19 vaccinations.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1107 ---
As stated in his plea agreement, Connally admitted that he sent the threats to Drs. Fauci and 
Collins with the intent to intimidate or interfere with the performance of their official duties and 
with the intent to retaliate against Dr. Fauci and Dr. Collins for performing their official duties, 
including discussing COVID-19 and its testing and prevention.
Connally also admitted sending emails threatening harm to three other individuals.  Specifically, 
on November 24, 2020, Connally sent a series of six threatening emails to Dr. Rachel Levine, 
then Secretary of Health for the State of Pennsylvania, at Dr. Levine’s email account at the 
Pennsylvania Department of Health.  The subject lines and body of the emails threatened Dr. 
Levine with physical violence and death.  Similarly, on August 31, 2020, Connally sent an email 
threatening physical violence and death for a public health official in Massachusetts.  Finally, on 
April 21, 2021, Connally sent a series of four threatening emails to four individuals who work 
for a religious institution in Newark, New Jersey.  The four emails threatened physical violence 
and death to a religious leader at the institution.
Investigation revealed that the anonymous encrypted email account was associated with 
Connally.  On July 27, 2021, law enforcement arrested Connally in Snowshoe, West Virginia, 
and executed a search warrant at his residence as well as on his vehicle, seizing five laptops and 
two cellular telephones which belonged to Connally. 
United States Attorney Erek L. Barron commended the HHS OIG for its work in the 
investigation.  Mr. Barron thanked Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rajeev R. Raghavan and Jessica C. 
Collins, who prosecuted the federal case.
For more information on the Maryland U.S. Attorney’s Office, its priorities, and resources 
available to help the community, please visit https://www.justice.gov/usao-md/community-
outreach.
# # #
Topic(s): 
National Security
Component(s): 
USAO - Maryland
Contact: 
Alexis Abbott 301-344-4342
Crazy RFK, jr. has now made a film trashing me.  In addition, other far-right crazies have 
also made a film.   See below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1108 ---
Anthony,
 
If you missed the first part of End Game, don’t fret. 
 
There is good news.
 
Revealed Films has flipped the switch and made the part 
two live!
 
It’s the most timely and critical opportunity for you to 
watch.
 
But it won’t be up for long before it expires, so don’t wait 
on this one.
 
Tonight starts out with:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1109 ---
Dr. Zach Bush! He’s one of the rare triple board-certified 
physicians in the U.S., and he’s known for his deep 
medical knowledge, research, and practices... 
 
Because he’s right, and they work.
 
He answers some deep questions… What are the 
chances of healing the self-inflicted wounds to the human 
race from decades of poor choices? 
 
Pay attention to when he answers these two questions: 
 
•Can we learn from our mistakes? 
•Are we capable of changing our future?
 
The history of human behavior paints a clear picture of our 
potentially devastating future.  
 
Don’t fret, he’s got answers, and they’re brilliant!
 
The next guest is an elite among the elites:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1110 ---
Larry Yatch, a former Navy Seal Commander turned 
successful business mentor and coach, lays out the exact 
plan that you should have to keep your family safe.
 
Before you start to think that his interview consists ONLY 
of him teaching you how to fight and the skillset to survive 
in harsh conditions... guess again.
 
Catch it all here...
 
We’d hate for you to miss out, so CLICK HERE to start 
watching right away.
 
Remember, you have the next 24 hours to watch for 
free…  so don’t wait too long or it’ll be gone.
 
With appreciation, 
The Real Anthony Team
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If you happen to purchase anything Jeff Hays Films recommends, in this or any of our communications, 
it’s likely we will receive some kind of affiliate compensation. Still, we only recommend stuff that we truly 
believe in and share with our friends and family. If you ever have an issue with anything we recommend 
please let us know. We want to make sure we are always serving you at the highest level. FTC 
DISCLOSURE: Any health claims shared by viewers, students, friends, subscribers, or clients are 
understood to be true and accurate, but are not verified in any way. Any products, programs, or 
personal recommendations made in this or any email communication from Jeff Hays Films for 3rd 
parties will likely result in some form of compensation from said 3rd party. Always do your own due 
diligence and use your own judgment when making buying decisions and investments. Always consult a 
physician before making any health-related decisions. For more information click here for our terms of 
service. *Results may not be typical and may vary from person to person. 
The Privacy Policy
pertains to the online information collection practices for Revealed Films. Specifically, it outlines the 
types of information that we gather about you while you are using any Revealed Films (“RF”) website 
(the “Site”) and any or all of its subdomains; and the ways in which we use this information.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1111 ---
By visiting and using the Site, you agree that any dispute over privacy is governed by this Privacy 
Policy. Because the internet is ever-evolving, we may change our Privacy Policy at some point in the 
future and post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this website and update the Effective Date. of the 
policy to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site, you accept the Privacy Policy as 
modified.
How We Collect and Use Information
We may collect and store personal or other information that you voluntarily supply to us online while 
using the Site (e.g., while on the Site or in responding via email to a feature provided on the Site). RF 
only contacts individuals who specifically request that we do so or in the event that they have signed up 
to receive our messaging, attended one of our events, or have purchased or have been gifted one of 
our products. RF collects personally identifying information from our users during online registration and 
online purchasing. Generally, this information includes name and e-mail address for registration or opt-
in purposes and name, postal address, and credit card information when registering for our events or 
purchasing our products. All of this information is provided to us by you.
We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate online through the 
Site. For example, we may collect information about your computer’s connection to the Internet, which 
allows us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic 
on the Site. We also may use a standard feature found in browser software called a “cookie” to enhance 
your experience with the Site. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive 
for record-keeping purposes. By showing how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help us deliver 
advertisements, identify how many unique users visit us, and track user trends and patterns. They also 
prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you may have 
entered preference information before. The Site also may use web beacons (single-pixel graphic files 
also known as “transparent GIFs”) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open 
HTML-formatted email messages.
We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways, including 
using the information to customize features; advertising that appear on the Site; and, making other 
offers available to you via email, direct mail or otherwise. We also may provide your information to third 
parties, such as service providers contractors and third-party publishers and advertisers for a variety of 
purposes. Unless you inform us in accordance with the process described below, we reserve the right to 
use, and to disclose to third parties, all of the information collected from and about you while you are 
using the Site in any way and for any purpose, such as to enable us or a third party to provide you with 
information about products and services. If you do not wish your information to be used for these 
purposes, you must send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose address is listed at the end of 
this Privacy Policy requesting to be taken off any lists of information that may be used for these 
purposes or that may be given or sold to third-parties.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing 
by third parties online – for example on message boards, weblogs, through email, or in chat areas – that 
information can be seen, collected and used by others besides us. We cannot be responsible for any 
unauthorized third-party use of such information.
Some of our third-party advertisers and ad servers that place and present advertising on the Site also 
may collect information from you via cookies, web beacons or similar technologies. These third-party 
advertisers and ad servers may use the information they collect to help present their advertisements, to 
help measure and research the advertisements’ effectiveness, or for other purposes. The use and 
collection of your information by these third-party advertisers and ad servers is governed by the relevant 
third-party’s privacy policy and is not covered by our Privacy Policy. Indeed, the privacy policies of these 
third-party advertisers and ad servers may be different from ours. If you have any concerns about a 
third party’s use of cookies or web beacons or use of your information, you should visit that party’s 
website and review its privacy policy.
The Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by 
third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1112 ---
third-party products or services through the Site, use of any information you provide is governed by the 
privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services.
 
Had my usual Zoom meeting with Sir Chris Whitty from UK.   WE have become long-
distance friends over these couple of years.   He mentioned that I have the support of the 
UK and global medical and scientific community.  I should definitely include a discussion 
about my relationship with Chris and with Patrick Vallance in the book.
 
PRESS:  Global News Canada (TV); 
Nov. 11, 2022
Exciting day.  In preparation for the installing of my “living portrait’ by Hugo Crosthwaite 
into the National Portrait Gallery tomorrow, there was a gala celebration at the home of 
Jeff Bezos 2330 S Street, NW.  His home is an enormous mansion that goes on and on. It was 
formally a textile museum that he converted to his Washington DC home. The guest list was 
AAA.  Notable conversations well with Jose Andres who wants to cook a special one-on-one 
dinner with me at his home in DC. Also I had a very serious conversation with Hillary Clinton 
who said that she thinks about me every day knowing that I will have an experience if the GOP 
games either chamber of the Congress similar to her experience with Benghazi. She offered to 
appear with me at the hearings as a physical show of support. I am not so sure that that is a great 
idea since that might politicize me even more than I've been politicized. I also have a warm 
conversation with Marian Wright Edelman…and several others.   The other awardees (and 
their presenters) were: Jose Andres (Laurene Powell Jobs), Clive Davis (Alicia Keyes)Ava 
DuVernay (Isabel Wilkerson), Marian Wright Edelman (Hillary Clinton), Serena Williams 
(Mellody Hobson) Venus Williams (Sonya Haffey and Isha Price)   David Rubenstein will 
present me.
After the gala we were invited to another gala at the Cafe Milano, celebrating their 30th 
anniversary. I went there out of respect to Franco Nuschese.   However, it was somewhat of a 
stressful experience since I got completely surrounded by “well-wishers” who anted selfies 
and/or to shake my hands.   It was really overwhelming and reminds me why I will need security 
for some time.
Nov. 12, 2022
Jeff Zients 56th birthday.   I dropped off a signed copy of Harrison’s at his house.
An historically memorable day at the National Portrait Gallery. A Gala event was held 
tonight honoring the inductees to the National Portrait Gallery. It was the highest level of 
AAA list you could imagine in Washington DC. There was a red carpet entry to the gallery 
which resembled the red carpet entry into the Academy Awards with multiple TV and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1113 ---
radio and print interviews as you walk along the red carpet before you get to the main 
place where photographs were taken. It started off as a very wamt night for November 12 
at 75 F and clear sky, but by the end of the night and into tomorrow morning it got much 
colder.  It was very clear that the extraordinary talent and unique approach that Hugo 
took captivated the audience of more than 750 people at this gala opening and dinner 
affair. I was the first awardee who was recognized, being introduced by David Rubenstein. 
I received a prolonged standing ovation from the crowd (as did others).   David gave his 
usual tongue-in-cheek introduction of me telling the story of how he offered me a “higher 
calling’ in private equity 12 years ago.   I had wonderful conversation with other awaredees 
and others who expressed sincere appreciation of what I have done over more than 50 
years.  Of particular note were conversations with Marian Wright Edelman who called me 
“her hero and a true national treasure”.  Also, Jose Andres (he wants to invite me to a 
private dinner at his home) Clive Davis, Ava DuVernay and Isabel Wilkerson, and Venus 
Williams (not so much Serena) were very warm towards me.  It was an extraordinary 
affair.   In the middle of it, Dan Diamond from the Washington Post texted me that the 
GOP did not take the Senate and so Rand Paul will not have the opportunity to harass me 
with senate oversight hearings.      We were invited to go across the street by Jose to his 
restaurant Zaytinya for after hours champagne.  He quickly stopped there but Jose had not 
arrived and so we left a message of greeting to him and took off since it was already 11:50 
PM.  A truly AMAZING evening!!
PRESS:  CBS Saturday Morning with Michelle Miller; Der Spiegel article came out (see 
above);
Nov. 13, 2022 (Sunday)
Mark Dybul texted me to alert me that Mike Gerson was fading quickly and was in 
Georgetown Hospital waiting for Hospice.  Bles Building, 4th Floor, Room 24.  It was very 
sad to see. Mike was in dire straits literally on his last few hours to few days. He recognized me 
and was obviously very glad to see me. We had a brief conversation I told them how important 
he was to me and to the rest of the world and he said that he truly appreciated that.  A truly great 
man will soon leave us. 
Was briefed today by the Moderna team led by Steve Hoge on the latest data of their 
bivalent BA4/5 boost.  The data look really very good and it is clear that the updated booster 
performs very well and better than the ancestral booster across the board in inducing antibodies 
against BA 4/5 and all of the sub variants of omicron including BQ.1.1.  This is very good news 
for the upcoming winter. However, there is still very little uptake of this updated booster by the 
general public. There is this complacency that the pandemic is over and the confusion about why 
we need to continually get updated boosts because of the combination of appearance of new 
variants together with the lack of durability of response to either vaccine or infection.
Catch up on prior important information.   From May, 2020:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1114 ---
All of Jacob Wohl’s Spectacularly 
Failed Smear Attempts
By Bridget Read
Jacob Wohl. Photo: John Middlebrook/CSM/Shutterstock
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1115 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1116 ---
In my phone call with Ashish today, I emphasized that they need to dial this back since 
the naysayers (John Moore, Paul Offit, et al)  will blast us for making statements without 
clinical data.
I did the Oxford Union Fireside Chat via zoom– very enjoyable.
PRESS: McClatchy TV “Exit Interview”; NEJM Podcast associated with my upcoming 
“exit commentary” in NEJM; My comment in Washington Post article by Dan Diamond 
today: “The supplemental requests that we keep putting in … just because they don’t go anywhere, 
doesn’t mean the need for them disappears,” Anthony S. Fauci, the government’s top infectious-disease 
expert, said in an interview last week.; Regional Media – “Make It Make Sense” with Monique 
Pressley; Rolling Out with Rashad Milligan; Philadelphia Tribune (print) with Alec Larson
Nov. 15, 2022
BQ1.1 is continuing to take over.   XBB is very low but is a quick transmitter as shown in 
Singapore
PRESS:   STAT Summit interview with Helen Branswell; 
Nov. 16, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1117 ---
Terrific event last evening. I was honored at the home of the French Ambassador to the 
United States (2221 Kalorama Road, NW) where I received the Pasteur Medal commemorating 
the bicentenary of Louis Pasteur's birth in 1822. Only a dozen medals are given this year being 
awarded to leading scientists, benefactors, philanthropists, and representatives of several 
countries. The stock of metals will be exhausted by the end of 2022 and no other metals will be 
minted. It was very much of a love fest with a very nice presentation of the metal to me by 
doctor Stewart Cole who is the Director of the Pasteur. Ambassador Philippe Etienne was 
very gracious and a very nice person.   They sang my praises and we had a very elegant dinner.   
Very rainy and cold night.  Janet Tobias was there. 
Photo shoot at my home and at work by prize-winning (MOMA) photojournalist Wolfgang 
Tillmans
Democrats (Leslie Dach) are pushing back on the GOP who are trying to investigate me:
Revealed: Democrats' new 'war room' will 
investigate Republicans for abuse of power 
Matthew Chapman 
Politico:
Politico: Investigating the investigators: Dem strategists to launch counterpunch to House 
GOP
Politifact: Dr. Anthony Fauci, Ron DeSantis and others “are ALL in a diamond mining 
business in Oklahoma together!”  We rate the claim that DeSantis, Fauci, Moody and Redfield are 
in a diamond mining business Pants on Fire!
Had very nice dinner of Lasagna, wine, bread over my house with Chris and Rochelle 
Walensky.   We discussed the sensitive issues associated with the attempts on the part of some 
to have her removed as CDC Director.   Also, we marveled at the fact that with Rochelle and I 
together, there were 4 armed OIG Special Agents outside my house guarding Rochelle and me
PRESS:  Regional Media - Nexstar  with Raquel Martin;  Hearst with Kalyn Norwood; 
Spectrum with Julia Benbrook
Nov. 17, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1118 ---
Michael Gerson, Post columnist and Bush 
speechwriter on 9/11, dies at 58
Mr. Gerson helped shape President George W. Bush’s 
messaging after the 9/11 attacks and then moved to The 
Washington Post, where he wrote about politics and faith
PRESS:  Der Spiegel –
The Evil in the World"Anthony Fauci's Life as a Right 
Wing Target
He has been an adviser to seven presidents, and he played a major role in protecting 
millions of people from AIDS. Now, pandemic expert Anthony Fauci is stepping down – 
as one of the most loved, and most hated, medical professionals of all time.
By Rafaela von Bredow
17.11.2022, 19.28 Uhr
Nov. 18, 2022
United States 
• Total Cases: 98,174,364  7-Day average: 40,102 (-3.2%)
• Total Deaths: 1,073,115  7-Day average:  317 (-5.3%)
• Total new hospital admissions: 5,516,552  7-Day average 3,308 (-4.4%)
Worldwide [Source: WHO]  - most recent day
• Total Cases: 633,263,617 (188,389 new)
• Total Deaths: 6,594,491 (544 new)
Recent immune evasion studies from David Ho show that BXX and BQ.1.1 evade 
monoclonal antibodies and have increased evasion from immune responses.   Hybrid 
immunity is OK, but vaccine induced  immunity with Abs is down while protection against sever 
disease is OK (in Singapore).
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1119 ---
Nov. 19, 2022
Rochelle called me up this morning and arranged for a zoom at 10:30 AM to discuss her 
side of the story of why she wants to simplify the boosting regimen for children less than 
five and six years old for the Moderna and Pfizer boost. There is a tension between her/CDC 
and Peter Marks and Larry Horowitz (FDA) regarding whether or not the younger children 
should all get the bivalent boost or have them finish their primary regimens with the ancestral 
strain vaccine. Peter and Larry had both called me up previously (couple of nights ago) making it 
look like the CDC was holding back on wanting to give the most updated boost to the children. 
Yet, when Rochelle explained this to me this morning it became clear that it is a much more 
complicated situation than Peter and Larry described to me by phone a couple of nights ago. 
Ultimately, in January all children of all ages will get a unified vaccine either for the primary 
series or the boost and that will be the bivalent BA.4/5. Rochelle explained that to insert that 
bivalent boost into the already complicated regimen for the small fraction of children who have 
started on their primary series would create an enormous amount of confusion for pediatricians. I 
tend to side now with Rochelle even though when Peter and Larry explained that in the 
simplified form it seemed that they were making sense. However, according to Rochelle's 
explanation I believe she is correct. We will all sort this out on a zoom call with HHS tomorrow 
(Sunday) evening.
Ebola still smoldering in Uganda:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1120 ---
Richard Ben-Veniste called me today offering pro bono help with my defense during the 
GOP Hearings.
Nov. 20, 2022
Of note, all of the Omicron sublineages that we are currently dealing with are offshoots or 
sublineages of BA.2 (see below):
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1121 ---
Had a Sunday evening Zoom call regard the situation of boosts for children 5-6 years and 
younger (see above).  It involved: me, Rochelle, Robbie Goldstein, Peter Marks, Rob Califf, 
Dawn O’Connell, Vivek Murthy, Larry Tabak, among others.   We all agreed that this was a 
close call and both sides have a good point.   The important issues is that this involved only 
about 5% of the eligible children since the other 95% have not yet received their primary 
vaccination and those are truly the vulnerable ones if we get a winter surge.   At the end of 
January, 2023, the VRPAC will meet to recommend that going forward all vaccinations (primary 
series and boosters) will be the BA.4/5 bivalent and so this will be a moot point.   The question 
still remains unsettled as to give the children the best boost now even though it logistically will 
be difficult for the pediatricians since they will have multiple (11) different products in their 
offices from Moderna + Pfizer) or wait until we have a uniform boost for everyone at the end of 
January.   No firm decision was made.   FDA will try to push the date for VRPAC closer to close 
the gap.  More to come
PRESS;   Taped a segment with Margaret Brennan – CBS “Face the Nation” for next 
Sunday – somewhat of an exit interview
Nov. 21, 2022
Presentation by the Shionogi (Takeki Uehara) Phase 3 data.  The drug is an anti-viral 
similar to Paxlovid.   The data were not particularly impressive since the study was done on 
people with very few symptoms and all the drug did was diminished by 24 to at the most 48 
hours the duration of the symptoms. The study was not designed to determine whether or not the 
drug prevents the need for hospitalization than people with a high risk of severe outcome. All in 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1122 ---
all I was not impressed with the data because they were looking at the wrong population of 
patients.
PRESS:Pocast for LGBTQ+ community with Avi Ravinath; NFID Podcast with Bill 
Shaffner and Marla Dalton; Interview with “Popular Science”;  Sheryl Gay Stolberg (NY 
Times) came to my house tonight to do an exit interview with photgrapher
Nov. 22, 2022
I addressed the UK Parliament today on lessons learned from the COVID pandemic. It was 
followed by a very productive and insightful question period from the members of 
parliament
Lawsuit by officials from Louisiana and Missouri have ruled that several government 
officials including me, Jen Psaki, Vivek Murthy among others must undergo a deposition 
since we are charged with trying to influence his social media to suppress the free speech of 
a number of people including those involved with the Great Barrington Declaration. It is a 
colossal waste of time since there is absolutely nothing there and the prep for the deposition 
would be about 8 hours over three days and the deposition itself which I will do tomorrow will 
be 7 full hours on the clock. This is total harassment. We tried to get the deposition stopped, but 
a Louisiana judge ordered that we have to do it. Just yesterday another judge overturned the first 
judge and the beck murthy does not have to be deposed, but I still have to be.
***Extraordinary press briefing in the White House Press Room today.  Today was an 
historic day for me in that the White House comms team led by Karine Jean-Pierre and 
Kevin Munoz arranged for me to be part of the press briefing from the White House 
briefing room podium. it turned out to be a celebration of my nearly 40 years getting 
briefings at the White House. The moving part about it was that both Karine and Kevin 
were brought to tears when they said goodbye to me after the briefing.   In addition, all of 
the press room personnel wanted selfies with me before I left.   In addition, the briefing 
room was packed with media people who are there to hear the latest update on COVID but 
they directed most of their questions to me related to my retirement, my legacy, and other 
things that had direct relation to me. It was a very moving and historic time for me.
Fauci to brief reporters for last time before 
leaving government after 50 years
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1123 ---
Republicans promise to investigate the nation's top infectious disease expert.
Fauci bids farewell with a final plea: 
Get vaccinated 
B Y  K R I S T A  M A H R ,  A D A M  C A N C R Y N |  1 1 / 2 2 / 2 0 2 2  0 2 : 1 0  P M  E S T  
Wash Post:
Fauci urges updated coronavirus shots in ‘final 
message’ from White House
By Eugene Scott
Profound effect of Vaccines:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1124 ---
PRESS: White House Press briefing from White House Briefing room.   Major coverage of 
my “final” appearance in the WH press room today and over the next 2 days
Nov. 23, 2022
I had my 7 hour (on the clock) deposition by lawyers for the Missouri Vs Biden plaintiffs. It 
showed up as spectators as the plaintiff’s lawyer John Sauer questioned me for seven 
hours. I had been well prepared for the previous few days by the DoJ lawyers including Adam 
Kirschner and Josh Gardner as well as Amanda Chuzi Anant Humar, Brian Netter and HHS 
council Chris Hammond.  Although this was supposed to be on the topic of the Biden 
administration including me interfering with free speech by influencing the social media 
platforms to not allow opinions differing from our own to be put on social media, very many of 
the questions were directed at things unrelated to that including the origins of COVID, the 
Wuhan grant, Peter Daszak, my position on masking, and a variety of other issues that the 
Congress has been concerned about. I must say I did extraordinarily well and the DOJ lawyers 
said that that was one of the best performances and the deposition that they have ever seen.
Nov. 24, 2022 (Thanksgiving)
On “The View”:  Alyssa Farah Griffin: GOP Made Fauci 
Boogeyman Because They Misunderstood His Role
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1125 ---
Nov. 25, 2022
I am receiving so many wonderful warm and affectionate notes from people on the occasion 
of my stepping down. One among many typical notes came from Beth Cameron of the 
NSC. Beth texted the following note to me late last night associated with the prior note 
wishing me a happy Thanksgiving:  “Be well.  And thank you so very much. I very much hope 
to continue to learn from you in your future roles, and I also hope you are able to get a little bit 
of time to rest (though that may not be in your DNA!) All the very best.  I stand in awe of not 
just what you have done but how you have done it and with the humanity with which you have 
done it.”
BQ.1 and BQ.1.1 still creeping up.   Noe appearance of XBB:
Nov. 27, 2022  (Sunday)
I received a call yesterday from Dori Solcido and a similar call last night from Ashish Jha 
telling me that Ron Klain was upset mostly at Ashish for indicating in interviews that we 
could expect a mild winter. Ron was concerned that we should not be in the business of 
predicting lack of severity of COVID for this winter because if we have a bad winter with 
COVID then confidence in the government would diminish. Ron has a point there, but I'm not 
sure exactly what Ashish said. According to Dori, the New York Times made it look like Ashish 
was saying that we don't need to worry very much over the coming winter. I know as a fact that 
that is not what he said but he is a bit in the doghouse now with Ron because of that. This just 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1126 ---
goes to show you that no matter what administration you're in there is a great deal of sensitivity 
about messaging.
Sunday shows went very well.  Chuck, Margaret and Jonathan were very kind to me.   
Flurry of activity in the press following my apearances.
The Hill (Commenting on my “Face the Nation” appearance): Fauci says ‘we 
need to keep the politics out of’ investigating 
COVID origins 
The Hill (Commenting on my “Meet the Press” appearance): Fauci pushes 
back on Pence remarks: ‘I don’t align myself 
with anybody’ 
Politico (Commenting on my “Face the Nation” appearance): Fauci on Covid lab 
leak theory: ‘I have a completely open mind’ 
PRESS:  NBC “Meet the Press” with Chuck Todd (Exit interview); CBS “Face the Nation” 
with Margaret Brennan (Extensive Exit Interview); MSNBC “The Sunday Show” with 
Jonathan Capehart
Nov. 28, 2022
Met with in 31/7A-18 Ambassador Pamela Hamamoto who is US Negotiator for the 
Pandemic Accord.   We (Cliff, Gray Handley and I) brought up some of the landmines that 
might arise in such an accord regarding conditions placed on receiving reagents.   Also, we 
brought up the recurring issue of the problem with WHO feeling that they should be directing the 
research associated with outbreaks – long history here (see Cliff’s experience with Anna Maria 
Restropo.
Ebola cases in Uganda stabilizing:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1127 ---
Had a Fireside Chat podcast with Mitchell Warren of AVAC.   A lot of sentimental good-
byes these days as I prepare to step down.
Did a Fireside Chat with Holy Cross students at the Les Aspen Center in DC.   They are here 
as part of a semester long program bringing students to DC  to be exposed to government.
PRESS:  CNN with Jake Tapper
Nov. 29, 2022
Marty Hirsch and David Hooper from Mass General did a very nice thing and Thanked me 
via Journal of Infectious Diseases and put my photo on the cover:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1128 ---
I had an enjoyable “fireside chat” at the White House Jackson St facility in which I had 
lunch with the White House Fellows. I enjoy this very much and have done this several times 
over the past few years. They are an outstanding group of about a dozen individuals from various 
walks of life many of which have served in the military including in the special forces; practicing 
physicians; lawyers, among others. I enjoy speaking with them because they are the cream of the 
crop and give me hope for our nation particularly in the context of the incredible divisiveness 
and disregard for the truth and integrity that we are seeing now in our nation.
It is surprising that Breitbart wrote a very sympathetic article about my retirement:
Breitbart: Fauci ends 50 years in government marked by response to AIDS, COVID-19
PRESS:   PBS podcast with Walter IsaacsonDr. Anthony Fauci has been at the helm of the 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases since the 1980s, guiding the United States 
through AIDS, SARS, H1N1, and of course COVID-19. Prior to his retirement, Dr. Fauci joins 
Walter Isaacson to reflect on a storied career.
https://www.pbs.org/video/dr-fauci-his-retirement-universal-covid-19-
vaccine-3cvqjq/
 ; Extensive exit interview at my home with Jen Ashton of ABC and Eric Strauss; 
Nov. 30, 2022
Disaster!!!  Chris felt ill last night and decided to sleep in Jenny’s room.   She felt worse 
this AM and tested positive for COVID.  I have started her on Paxlovid. I'm sure she will do 
fine, but this has completely destroyed one of the most intensive social commitments that we 
have over the next few days. I have decided that even though I have now tested negative multiple 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1129 ---
times that I really cannot go to the state dinner tomorrow (Dec. 1) at the White House since it 
would be unconscionable for me to be secreting virus while being asymptomatic and antigen 
negative and endanger the president of the United states. In addition, I will have to modify my 
visit tonight to the home of the Italian ambassador (Mariangela Zappia) who invited people from 
all over the country including California to come to the ambassador’s home for a celebratory 
dinner in my honor. I went there tonight and did a fireside chat with a mask on with a well 
known Italian author Antonio Monda, and then left before the dinner since I did not want to take 
my mask off. I will also have to Mr planned dinner with Bob Seder and Jeff Zients and families 
on Saturday.
PRESS: Wall Street Journal podcast with Kate Lindbaugh; Univision TV with Jorge 
Ramos; Bloomberg interview (Exit)
Dec. 1, 2022
Had a really nice Town Hall meeting with FDA led by Rob Califf asking me questions.
PRESS:  MedPage interview about my NEJM piece; L’Espresso Italian Magazine Exit 
Interview; Washington Post Live with Yasmeen Abutaleb; WUSA TV (Local)
Dec. 2, 2022
I am really being somewhat embarrassed by the amount of honors that are be given to me 
and kudos my way. For example, today we went to the Hay-Adams hotel for a ceremony 
commemorating PEPFAR and world aids day. The ceremony involved multiple speeches 
including a speech by secretary of state Tony Blinken in which he effusely praised me for 
my role as an architect of pepfar as well as for decades of my contribution to HIV aids 
research and research in general. In addition, we had a fireside chat led by Sandy 
Thurman between John Kkengasong and myself. The entire ceremony at the hay Adams 
included multiple crazy by several people on me. As I said it was somewhat embarrassing 
since I do not like that kind of attention.
Story in Today’s SF Chronicle celebrating World AIDS Day:
“When the history of AIDS in 1989 is written, the transformation of Anthony Fauci may well emerge as 
one of the most dramatic — and consequential — of human interest stories,” Shilts wrote for The 
Chronicle that year.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1130 ---
Fauci, who had been the subject of protests in the 1980s, became friends and allies with activists from 
ACT UP and other organizations —breaking ranks with the FDA and encouraging federal officials to 
speed up testing and approval for drugs that treat life-threatening diseases.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Infections creeping up in certain parts of the country and throughout the world. BQ.1.1 and BQ.1 
continue to take over in the USA:
Dec. 3, 2022
Thank goodness, I am still COVID negative.   Chris doing well on Paxlovid.
Data remain overwhelming showing the advantage of vaccinated/up to date versus 
unvaccinated:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1131 ---
Right around World AIDS Day, the data on the results of PEPFAR are striking (see the 
event at the Hay-Adams with Sec. Blinken and John Nkengasong above):
Chris wrote an editorial about me in the American Journal of Nursing:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1132 ---
Guest Editorial
A Tribute to Dr. Fauci
Grady, Christine PhD, MSN
Dec. 4, 2022
Wonderful afternoon at the White House and evening at the Kennedy Center. Actor 
George Clooney, singer-songwriter Amy Grant, singer Gladys Knight, composer Tania 
León and rock group U2 were celebrated as the Kenney Center Awards. I was the guest of 
secretary Becerra at a White House reception with the President that occurred at 3:30 PM before 
we all motorcaded to the Kennedy Center for the ceremonies of the awards. It was a star-studded 
evening and I had pleasant conversations with people some of whom I had met before such as 
Julia Roberts, Sean Penn, Matt Damon, Mike Ferrone, among many others. It was a spectacular 
event mixing entertainment with honoring the honorees. The situation was somewhat unusual as 
I was completely swamped with people yelling my name and applauding it as I left the vehicle in 
front of the Kennedy Center and walked that long red carpet walk to the theater. There must have 
been hundreds of people lined up behind a rope down area and I was amazed how this 
recognition of me has reached such a height. I am certainly not getting a big head about it but it 
is rather weird and a little bit unnerving. Joked with Hunter Biden as we shook and hands and 
hugged.   He said if someone snapped a photo and put it on line, the internet “would explode” 
given we are both being attacked by the far right GOP
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1133 ---
Dec. 5, 2022
Forbes wrote a very complimentary article about my leadership:
What Dr. Anthony Fauci Teaches Us 
About Leadership In A Crisis
Edward Segal
Senior Contributor
I cover crisis-related news, issues and topics.
PRESS:   CNN “Who’s Talking” with Chris Wallace; Health Alliance Network podcast 
with Ambrose Lane, Jr.;  Interview with George Stephanopoulos regarding a book he is 
writing on “The Situation Room”
Dec. 6, 2022
A very touching tribute and “good-bye” to me by the AAI Council.   I regularly for 38 years 
on an annual basis address the council here in Bethesda, they gave me a very warm last meeting 
with a prolonged standing ovation as I walked into the room.
Terrific evening at Jeff Zients’s home.   He had a reception on the occasion of making 
available online the tapes of conversations between Richard Stengel (Editor of Time Magazine) 
and Nelson Mandela.   Mandela attended Jeff and Mary’s wedding as did Richard.   Had nice 
conversation with Merrick Garland and I encouraged him that we have faith in his judgment 
and integrity to do the right thing regarding the issues with Trump.   Also, finally saw in person 
Katy Kay who has interviewed me multiple times virtually over the years for the BBC 
PRESS:  BBC New “American Politics” TV; IDSA Podcast with Carlos Del Rio; NBC 
“Nightly News” exit interview with Lester Holt;  Interview with Medline Plus magazine; 
WTOP Exit interview Podcast; ABC Australian TV “7:30”; KNXV TV (ABC, Scripps, 
Phoenix)
Dec. 7, 2022
I stood for many dozens of photographs of 1-on-1 with members of NIAID who wanted to 
say good-bye.   Very moving.
Dec. 8, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1134 ---
We had our 9th annual meeting today with Bill Gates in the context of the NIH-Gates 
Foundation collaboration on multiple projects. In the course of the meeting they showed to 
my surprise film clips of Bill Clinton, Tedros, and Slim and Quarraisha Karim thanking me 
for my many years of service. I should comment here on the really close relationship that I've 
developed over the years with Bill Gates and the mutual respect we have for each other. We 
also joined by the common issue of the conspiratorial theorists out there who think that Bill and I 
are doing strange things like putting chips in the vaccines that we're trying to get them to receive. 
It's the source of fun jokes between Bill and me.
Senator Richard Burr (R-NC) called me today to wish me well and to tell me how much he 
has enjoyed over the years working with me.   He congratulated me for my “extraordinary 
service to our nation over decades”.
Four astronauts visited the Clinical Center today and the Children’s Inn.   The said that the one 
“must thing” that they wanted was to meet me and so I went over to the Medical Board meeting 
on the 4th Floor and met with and took photos with them:  Thomas H. Marshburn, Kayla Barron, 
Matthias Maurer, Mark T. Vande Hei
Just met with the German Minister of Health Karl Lauterbach who has become somewhat 
of a friend in that every time he is in DC he wants to come and see me.   He values my advice 
and says that I am a “rock star” in Germany.   Also, at the meeting was German Ambassador to 
USA Emily Haber.
PRESS: CBC News Canada (TV); Washington Post Exit Interview with Blair Guild; 
Dec. 9, 2022
Cases and hospitalization are increasing as expected following Thanksgiving and into the 
colder weeks:
Washington Post: HEALTH
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1135 ---
Fauci slams ‘lowlife’ trolls harassing his wife, 
children over covid
By Adela Suliman
Very nice and warm reception in my honor given by the IDSA and ASM at the ASM 
headquarters on 17th and N St., NW.  Rosa DeLauro came and gave a very nice tribute to 
me.   People are really showing a lot of love to me that is very humbling.
PRESS:  NYC Fox TV “Good Day” with Rosanna Scotto; Press Interview with Japanese 
newspaper Asahi Shimbun; 
Washington Post: HEALTH
Fauci slams ‘lowlife’ trolls harassing his wife, 
children over covid
By Adela Suliman
I participated with First Lady Jill Biden and with Ashish Jha at the White House to do a 
PSA for AARP encouraging elderly people to get vaccinated. Jill was very kind in the 
introduction she announced that this was the last time that I would be on this stage with her and 
she will miss me greatly. When she left the event she gave me a big hug and said she loved me 
and would miss me. I said back at you
Cute cartoon:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1136 ---
PRESS:  NYC Fox TV “Good Day” with Rosanna Scotto; Press Interview with Japanese 
newspaper Asahi Shimbun; PBS NewsHour with Judy Woodruff (Exit Interview);
Dec. 10, 2022
Publication of my essay in the NY Times:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1137 ---
The photographer for the NY Times essay Wolfgang Tillmans wrote a short piece in 
association with my essay:
Dec. 11, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1138 ---
All of a sudden, Elon Musk has started to viciously attack me with tweets on Twitter:
Many people are coming to my defense on tweets and some like Marjorie Taylor Green are 
approving of his tweets although Mark Kelly (astronaut) tweeted that I funded GOF 
research that killed millions of people:
Elon Musk targets Dr. Anthony Fauci in viral 
tweet, drawing backlash - CBS News 
CBS News 
"My pronouns are Prosecute/Fauci," the Twitter CEO wrote on 
Sunday.
Flag as 
irrelevant 
Dec. 12, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1139 ---
Many people in the press and outside are asking about and concerned about the attacks on 
me by Elon Musk.
Look at this tweet.   What bullshit!
White House Says Elon Musk's Tweets Attacking Fauci 'Disgusting' - Bloomberg 
Bloomberg.com 
Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, will retire this month after 54 years 
in government. Fauci became ...
Flag as irrelevant 
PRESS:  Interview with Nature (Max Kazlov) for future publication; Sirius XM Radio “Dr. 
Radio” with Marc Siegel;  “Axe Files” podcast with David Axelrod; MSNBC with Andrea 
Mitchell
Dec. 13, 2022
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1140 ---
Press still active about the Musk attack on me.   Sargent at the Post say libeal ourage does 
not help counter Musk since it merely shows that he is having an effect.   Sargent suggests 
we ignore him:
Musk’s ugly attack on Fauci shows how right-
wing info warfare works
By Greg Sargent
I went to Boston to receive the Edward M Kennedy award for Inspired Leadership at the 
Edward M Kennedy institute for the United states Senate. It was a really nice affair and I was 
showered with affection and admiration. A person who is a Broadway actor/singer (Alan H. 
Green) Sing a beautiful song from Les Miserables and dedicated to me and as he was mentioning 
the dedication he emotionally choked us.   Very moving.   I was introduced and had a Fireside 
Chat with Kristen Welker of NBC.   Joe Kennedy and Patrick Kennedy were wonderful with me.
PRESS:  MSNBC “Morning Joe”;
Dec. 14, 2022
Trying to work out my protection post Jan. 1.   Still up in the air.
PRESS:  CNN with Kate Bolduan; CBS Exit Interview with Jon laPook; LA Tims 
interview with Melissa Healy;
Dec. 15, 2022
PBS team in for final filming for the Documentary.   They are filming me taking down my 
photographs from the walls
PRESS:  Urban Faith TV with MAINA Mwaura;  NPR – Scott Simon (Exit Interview); 
Japan Nippon TV with Sho Watanabe; LA Times Podcast; Podcast with Alice Park (Time 
Magazine); 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 1141 ---
Dec. 16, 2022
Momentous Day!!!  Today we had the ceremony for my “stepping down” at NIH.   I chose 
a simple ceremony with 3 minute speeches by Larry Tabak, Francis Collins, John Gallin, 
Cliff Lane and Christine.   This was followed by a 15 minute Q and A with John Burklow 
and a concluding speech by me.   I thought that I would get through the entire speech 
without choking up but when I got to the point about Christine, I choked up  for about 15 
seconds.   The ceremony was exactly like I wanted it – no bells and whistles.  
PRESS:   Exit interview with the Guardian with David Smith; Exit Interview with AP with 
Lauran Neergaard; Firesude Chat with Massey Center; infectious Diseases ews interview;
Dec. 17, 2022
It is clear (I have not been reporting it every day) that the far, extreme right and Qanon 
literally hate me and De Santis is starting to play into this with his growin campaign for 
presidency.   From the New York Times:  Although “vaccine paranoia and Fauci hatred are still 
niche positions in the electorate at large,” if anyone “imagines that replacing Trump with DeSantis as 
the G.O.P.’s leader would signal a party on its way to becoming sane again is in for a rude shock.” 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul