
--- Page 1 ---

--- Page 2 ---
From: "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]"
</O=NIH/OU=NIHEXCHANGE/CN=NIAID/CN=AFAUCI>
To: "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]" <AFAUCI@niaid.nih.gov>
Subject: history
Date: Sat, 11 Jul 2015 17:50:16 -0400
Importance: Normal
Attachments: historical_record_of_A.S._Fauci.docx
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 3 ---
1
 HISTORICAL RECORD OF HIV/AIDS
Anthony S. Fauci, M.D.
Director
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
National Institutes of Health
This written record will start today (April 11, 2001) and will state some events 
retrospectively.  I have other records including 2 dictated tapes that should be noted. The event 
that precipitated this written record, which I hope that I can regularly contribute to is the tidal 
wave of activity concerning the possibility of treating HIV-infected individuals in developing 
nations and in sub-Saharan Africa specifically.
Towards to end of the Clinton Administration, Leon Fuerth who was the National 
Security Advisor to VP Al Gore had set into motion a Task Force on which I was included (see 
other records) to develop a plan to “treat infected Africans and provide some infrastructure, 
prevention, etc. The group involved USAID, CDC, NIH, White House, State Department and 
others.  After the election, obviously, this dissolved.  However, with the new George W. Bush 
administration, Secr. of State Colin Powell and Secr of DHHS, Tommy G. Thompson became 
very interested.  Starting from the end of March I began intensive briefings of Secretary. 
Thompson and members of his staff, particularly Terrell Halaska (Deputy Chief of Staff, DHHS) 
and William Steiger (Special Assistant for International Affairs at DHHS) trying to convince 
them of the need for USA involvement in the rapidly growing international interest in developing 
a forum for treating Africans with HIV.  Also, I had several interactions with Anne Phelps of the 
Domestic Policy Council at the White House.  During all of this, I had turned down the offer to 
be Director of NIH.  I was asked by Ed. Moy (Director of Presidential Personnel at the White 
House) and by Secr. Thompson.  My reason was that I wanted to concentrate of Global Health 
problems, particularly HIV/AIDS in developing nations such as sub-Saharan Africa.  They 
regretted my not taking the job, but were enthusiastic and quite flattering about my work on 
AIDS and encouraged to take a leadership role in pushing the AIDS (as well as TB and malaria) 
global agenda.  This was especially true of Secr. Thompson with whom I was rapidly developing 
an excellent relationship.
March 2, 2001 – meet with Anne Phelps at White House to discuss global AIDS and other 
issues.
April 3, 2001 – Extensive briefing of Secr. Thompson’s staff (Halaska, Steiger, Ann Agnew) 
regarding International AIDS.  Secretary Thompson dropped by and spent most of the hour.  
After the meeting he called me into his office to speak in private (Bob Woods (Chief of Staff) 
and Brett Davis (Special Assistant to the Secretary) were there.  Thompson said he wanted me to 
be his point man on AIDS and to spearhead our international endeavors.  Stated that he and Colin 
Powell would lead a Task Force on International AIDS and he wanted me to be the “go-to 
person”.
April 4, 2001 -  I was asked to prepare talking points on AIDS for Secretary. Thompson for his 
upcoming plane trip with Pres, Bush to (?).  I did so.  Thompson’s staff was so impressed with 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 4 ---
2
the talking points that they mentioned that Thompson wanted me to accompany his staff to the 
White House the next day to develop a white paper for Powel and Thompson to use in upcoming 
meeting with the POTUS.  
April 5, 2001 -  Several hour meeting in the Situation Room of the White House chaired by Gary 
Edson (Condoleeza Rice’s Deputy) of NSC.  Meeting attended by…..  Bill Steiger charged with 
developing paper.
April 8 – 10, 2001 – I exchanged several drafts of white paper with Steiger and make significant 
changes and input.  It was clear that much of the paper included material from my talking points 
for Thompson (see above).
April 11, 2001 – Attached below is the document and some comments.  
---------------------- Forwarded by Millicent H. Schwenk/NSC/EOP on
04/11/2001 11:16 AM ---------------------------
Gary R. Edson
04/10/2001 09:00:45 PM
Record Type:   Record
To:   Millicent H. Schwenk/NSC/EOP@EOP
cc:
Subject:
Millie: I haven't reviewed this to see what;'s changed, but you should look
at it.
---------------------- Forwarded by Gary R. Edson/NSC/EOP on 04/10/2001
09:01 PM ---------------------------
                                                                  
 (Embedded                                                        
 image moved   steigerw@usa.net                                   
 to file:      04/10/2001 07:05:59 PM                             
 PIC07622.PCX)                                                    
                                                                  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 5 ---
3
Record Type:   Record
To:   Gary R. Edson/NSC/EOP
cc:   terrell.halaska@hhs.gov
Subject:
my hhs dial-up e-mail is down tonight.  i wanted to send you a slightly
modified version after receiving additional comments from dr. fauci. i am
sending in the body of the e-mail because i am not certain the attachment
will
go through.  let me know if you have any questions or need me to do
anything
else.  thanks, steiger
Draft
Privileged and Confidential
For Official Use Only
Infectious diseases, including HIV/AIDS, malaria, and tuberculosis, are
ravaging developing nations, causing 25 percent of all deaths worldwide and
eroding recent gains in economic growth, education, and life expectancy.
Tuberculosis accounted for 1.7 million deaths last year, while malaria
killed
more than one million, mostly children in Africa. At the same time, the
spread
of HIV/AIDS is triggering a crisis in international public health, the full
scope of which we are only beginning to recognize. The Joint United Nations
Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) estimates that 36 million people are now
living
with HIV or AIDS, 70 percent of them in sub-Saharan Africa, where the
disease
is now the leading cause of death.  Nearly 60 million people have become
infected with HIV since the beginning of the epidemic in the 1970's and
over
22 million of them have already died from AIDS.
The U.S. has been the leader in research and assistance to battle these
diseases, and the President?s recent proposed budget increase for the
National
Institutes of Health (NIH) reaffirms that commitment.  NIH spent an
estimated
$90 million on international HIV/AIDS research in FY 2000, a number that is
expected to rise to $130 million by the end of FY 2001.  The U.S. is the
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 6 ---
4
largest single donor to UNAIDS and the largest contributor to international
HIV/AIDS treatment and prevention programs, a total of more than $460
million
in FY2001. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) spent over
$100 million on HIV/AIDS prevention in FY 2001.  The U.S. Government has
also
dramatically increased its investment in international malaria and
tuberculosis efforts to $110 million in FY 2001.
Our programs for taking care of our own population affected by HIV/AIDS and
tuberculosis are also world leaders.  HHS is providing over $10 billion in
FY
2001 for HIV/AIDS-related assistance. This includes $795 million for
prevention services through the CDC and other agencies, $1.8 billion for
Ryan
White medical and related support services for individuals and families
with
HIV/AIDS, including the AIDS Drug Assistance Program; $2.2 billion for
NIH-funded HIV/AIDS research, including $280 million in vaccine research;
$4.3
billion for HIV/AIDS-related coverage for Medicare and Medicaid
beneficiaries.
Over the last several years the scope of the infectious disease crisis in
the
developing world has led the U.S and other industrialized nations to make
international public health an important item on their foreign policy
agendas.
 In Okinawa in July of 2000, the U.S. and our G-8 partners committed to
promoting investments and partnership to prevent and control HIV/AIDS,
tuberculosis and malaria and to accelerate the development of new vaccines.
More recently, wider public attention has turned to the challenges posed by
these diseases as pharmaceutical manufacturers have announced price
reductions
in developing countries for their main anti-retroviral drugs.  These price
cuts are a significant step forward and have sharpened debate on the
question
of how best to provide treatment to the populations most affected by the
HIV/AIDS epidemic, malaria, and tuberculosis.
As Senator Bill Frist (R-TN) has recently suggested, the U.S. has a moral
obligation to provide leadership in mobilizing additional resources for
international health.  Stopping the spread of infectious diseases is also
in
our own enlightened self-interest, given the threats HIV/AIDS and other
maladies now pose to the political and economic stability of Africa and
other
important regions of the world.  It is in our public health interest to
address tuberculosis as well, since 43 percent of U.S. TB cases are among
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 7 ---
5
foreign-born persons.  We also believe the U.S. has a duty to ensure that
those resources go to efforts that are medically and scientifically sound
and
will contribute to the development of a sustainable health infrastructure
in
the most affected countries so that they can meet their challenges
themselves
over time.
Providing drugs at or below cost is only part of the solution.  It is
estimated that approximately 50 percent of HIV-infected people in the U.S.
meet the HHS treatment guidelines for beginning antiretroviral therapy.
What
this percentage might be in developing nations is unclear.  However,
perhaps
as important as providing antiretroviral drugs in some circumstances is
treating opportunistic infections and providing nutrition and clean water.
Yet even if enough drugs to treat every single infected person were sent,
free
of charge, to the African continent, an adequate surveillance
infrastructure
for testing for HIV infection and an adequate health care delivery system
for
administering the drugs do not exist in many countries.  Furthermore, the
capability of monitoring patients to insure they are taking these complex
regimens of drugs properly and  to determine the spectrum of toxicity and
the
effect of treatment on the spread of the disease There is no existing
surveillance capability to ensure that patients follow extremely
complicated
drug regimens accurately, or to monitor what effect the treatment has on
the
spread of the disease is sorely lacking in many places.  We should begin to
help create the basic system to provide needed medications for
opportunistic
infections and symptomatic care, while also building the more complex
systems
needed to provide antiretrovirals and other medicines safely and
effectively
to avoid creating resistant strains, a lesson we have learned from efforts
to
control tuberculosis.
At the same time, we must continue to focus our efforts on prevention ? a
proven strategy that is cost-effective.  Government accountability,
individual
behavior change and abstinence-based approaches (where they are culturally
appropriate) must be part of prevention efforts.  We have found that
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 8 ---
6
working
with local organizations, such as missionary hospitals and clinics, is an
effective way to lessen the impact of the epidemic on individuals, families
and communities.  We should also encourage countries to adopt
comprehensive,
evidence-based national strategies to ensure the resources we devote to
this
challenge are well-managed to produce the results we seek.
This is not, however, an issue that the U.S. Government can -- or should --
solve single handedly.  We must reach out to a number of partners: our
allies,
the international community, pharmaceutical manufacturers, non-profits like
the Gates Foundation, and the faith-based community that has infrastructure
on
the ground in the developing world.  A successful strategy to reduce the
impact of infectious disease requires close donor cooperation to achieve
maximum efficiency and avoid competition and duplication of efforts.  The
Bush
Administration stands ready to contribute to a comprehensive plan to
improve
the public health delivery system in Africa and other parts of the world
where
HIV is rapidly expanding, an effort that should include prevention of new
infections, care for the sick, provision of drugs, and training of medical
professionals.
To this end, we appeal to the world to join us in establishing a new,
multi-lateral Global Fund to Fight Infectious Diseases, an international
public-private partnership to provide grants for prevention and health
infrastructure development focused on fighting HIV/AIDS, malaria, and
tuberculosis.
We believe the fund should operate under the following series of core
principles:
?    Our goals are to prevent new HIV infections and treat those already
afflicted, to build the infrastructure for health care and disease control,
and to develop and train human resources.
?    We seek to support a community-driven process that identifies the
needs of
affected areas and allows communities themselves to develop an appropriate,
comprehensive set of medical, social and support services.
?    We must build on already established institutions and networks in
local
areas, including research relationships, to ensure we are creating human
and
physical capacity that is sustainable over the long run.
?    We support an integrated approach focusing on prevention, delivery,
care and
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 9 ---
7
treatment.  We also wish to include components for health infrastructure
improvement, surveillance of epidemics and care for orphans.
?    We will outline and agree to fund a core menu of ?best practice?
programs,
according to certain quality standards and experience with evidence-based
models proven to work in developing countries.
?    We will solicit letters of intent from governments and
non-governmental
organizations (NGOs), especially faith-based groups, that describe plans to
implement one of more of our core models in local areas.
?    We will require demonstration of local leadership and adherence to
international standards of financial accountability and transparency.  We
will
give preference to comprehensive plans that involve governments and civil
society working together.
?    We will link our efforts in health to expanded programs in the areas
of
education and nutrition in an international parallel to the
Administration?s
campaign to ?Leave No Child Behind.?
?    We are committed to a policy of promoting intellectual property
protection,
including for pharmaceutical patents, because of its critical role in the
rapid innovation, development, and commercialization of effective and safe
drug therapies and vaccines.  Financial incentives are needed to develop
new
medications.  No one benefits if research on such products is discouraged.
With more than 50 years of experience with health projects and a proven
institutional capacity to manage large financial transactions, the World
Bank
should serve as the fiscal agent for the Fund.  As trustee, the Bank would
not
be involved in matters of policy, but would serve as the repository for
contributions from both governments and private donors and ensure the
prompt
disbursement of grants.  A small Executive Secretariat housed at the Bank
and
jointly staffed by the Bank, UNAIDS and the World Health Organization would
undertake the day-to-day management of the trust fund, including soliciting
grant proposals.
A high-level Governing Council would provide the overall strategic
direction
for the fund.  Donors that contribute at least $xx million and
representatives
of the developing world (serving in their own personal capacity and not as
the
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 10 ---
8
emissaries of any particular state) would form the membership of this
board.
The Council would fully control all fund decisions, including determining
programmatic allocations, operational rules and procedures, policies and
strategies, approving financial plans and work programs, and attracting
additional donations.  In addition, the Council would make the final
determination of the list of ?best practice? models the fund would
underwrite
and the criteria necessary to win approval of letters of intent.  The
president of the World Bank, the Director General of UNAIDS and the
Director
General of WHO would be ex officio, non-voting members of the Council.
Much like a university endowment, the fund would have a two-tiered
financial
structure.  The "core fund" would comprise a pool of resources that could
be
support any activity falling within the work program and eligibility
criteria
approved by the Governing Council (except for limited restrictions by
donors).
 At the same time, however, the fund would permit donors to earmark
contributions for use on their particular priorities, as long as they fell
within the overall purposes and priorities of the trust fund.  Both ?core?
and
dedicated resources would be combined in each grant in a way transparent to
the recipient.
Composed of international scientific, medical, public health and
development
experts, a Scientific and Public Health Review Committee would perform a
rigorous technical peer review process to assess the grant applications.
Drawn from developing and developed countries and international
organizations,
with experience in the affected countries, such as UNAIDS and WHO, the
Committee will make final decisions about the feasibility and
sustainability
of proposed programs according to criteria for each ?best practice? model
prescribed by the Governing Council.  The Committee will also operate under
broad guidelines that spell out the recommended ratio of expenditures on
prevention, treatment, and research the Council would prefer projects
follow.
The models we might support could cover primary prevention and education
programs up to more sophisticated, comprehensive efforts that could involve
basic care and treatment, controlled delivery of antiretroviral therapy,
medical training, and clinical trials.  Applicants will determine which one
of
the approved packages would be most appropriate and useful for the local
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 11 ---
9
context.  Some might ask for resources to upgrade or build health centers
to
deliver basic HIV/AIDS or tuberculosis care and prevention programs.
Others
might want help with such programs plus training for physicians, lab
workers,
nurses, community health volunteers, and pharmacists.  Still others might
integrate both models with the provision of complex drug treatment.  Every
funded model will also include localized monitoring to assure the efficacy
of
the grant and to help inform the selection of proposals in the future.  We
will also emphasize technical assistance to those countries and
organizations
that are unable to satisfy our criteria in their letters of intent, so that
over time they might also be able to participate.
The Administration is committed to making the fight against the global
HIV/AIDS epidemic and other killers a priority, and we ask our friends and
partners to join with us in a single, worldwide effort.
____________________________________________________________________
Get free email and a permanent address at http://www.amexmail.com/?A=1
April 11, 2001 – Attached below is what is to be the final document:
Draft
Privileged and Confidential
For Official Use Only
Infectious diseases, including HIV/AIDS, malaria, and tuberculosis, are ravaging developing 
nations, causing 25 percent of all deaths worldwide and eroding recent gains in economic 
growth, education, and life expectancy.  Tuberculosis accounted for 1.7 million deaths last year, 
while malaria killed more than one million, mostly children in Africa. At the same time, the 
spread of HIV/AIDS is triggering a crisis in international public health, the full scope of which 
we are only beginning to recognize. The Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS 
(UNAIDS) estimates that 36 million people are now living with HIV or AIDS, 70 percent of 
them in sub-Saharan Africa, where the disease is now the leading cause of death.  Nearly 60 
million people have become infected with HIV since the beginning of the epidemic in the 1970's 
and over 22 million of them have already died from AIDS. 
The U.S. has been the leader in research and assistance to battle these diseases, and the 
President’s recent proposed budget increase for the National Institutes of Health (NIH) reaffirms 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 12 ---
10
that commitment.  NIH spent an estimated $90 million on international HIV/AIDS research in 
FY 2000, a number that is expected to rise to $130 million by the end of FY 2001.  The U.S. is 
the largest single donor to UNAIDS and the largest contributor to international HIV/AIDS 
treatment and prevention programs, a total of more than $460 million in FY2001. The Centers 
for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) spent over $100 million on HIV/AIDS prevention in 
FY 2001.  The U.S. Government has also dramatically increased its investment in international 
malaria and tuberculosis efforts to $110 million in FY 2001. 
Our programs for taking care of our own population affected by HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis are 
also world leaders.  HHS is providing over $10 billion in FY 2001 for HIV/AIDS-related 
assistance. This includes $795 million for prevention services through the CDC and other 
agencies, $1.8 billion for Ryan White medical and related support services for individuals and 
families with HIV/AIDS, including the AIDS Drug Assistance Program; $2.2 billion for NIH-
funded HIV/AIDS research, including $280 million in vaccine research; $4.3 billion for 
HIV/AIDS-related coverage for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries.
Over the last several years the scope of the infectious disease crisis in the developing world has 
led the U.S and other industrialized nations to make international public health an important item 
on their foreign policy agendas.  In Okinawa in July of 2000, the U.S. and our G-8 partners 
committed to promoting investments and partnership to prevent and control HIV/AIDS, 
tuberculosis and malaria and to accelerate the development of new vaccines.  
More recently, wider public attention has turned to the challenges posed by these diseases as 
pharmaceutical manufacturers have recently announced price reductions in developing countries 
for their main anti-retroviral drugs.  These price cuts are a significant step forward and have 
sharpened debate on the question of how best to provide treatment to the populations most 
affected by the HIV/AIDS epidemic, malaria, and tuberculosis.
As Senator Bill Frist (R-TN) has recently suggested, the U.S. has a moral obligation to provide 
leadership in mobilizing additional resources for international health.  Stopping the spread of 
infectious diseases is also in our own enlightened self-interest, given the threats HIV/AIDS and 
other maladies now pose to the political and economic stability of Africa and other important 
regions of the world.  It is in our public health interest to address tuberculosis as well, since 43 
percent of U.S. TB cases are among foreign-born persons.  We also believe the U.S. has a duty to 
ensure that those resources go to efforts that are medically and scientifically sound and will 
contribute to the development of a sustainable health infrastructure in the most affected countries 
so that they can meet their challenges themselves over time.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 13 ---
Providing drugs at or below cost is only part of the solution.  Only a portion of the total HIV-
infected population will meet criteria for beginning antiretroviral therapy.  Far more need 
community support and basic care for opportunistic infections, such as tuberculosis, and for 
prevention, care and treatment of sexually transmitted diseases.  Yet even if enough drugs to 
treat every single infected person were sent, free of charge, to the African continent, an adequate 
infrastructure to deliver them does not exist. There is no existing surveillance capability to 
ensure that patients follow extremely complicated drug regimens accurately, or to monitor what 
effect the treatment has on the spread of the disease.  We should begin to help create the basic 
system to provide needed medications for opportunistic infections and symptomatic care, while 
also building the more complex systems needed to provide antiretrovirals and other medicines 
safely and effectively to avoid creating resistant strains, a lesson we have learned from efforts to 
control tuberculosis.  
At the same time, we must continue to focus our efforts on prevention – a proven strategy that is 
cost-effective.  Individual and government accountability, behavior change and abstinence-based 
approaches that are culturally appropriate must be part of prevention efforts.  We have found that 
working with local organizations, such as missionary hospitals and clinics, is an effective way to 
lessen the impact of the epidemic on individuals, families and communities.  We should also 
encourage countries to adopt comprehensive, evidence-based national strategies to ensure the 
resources we devote to this challenge are well-managed to produce the results we seek. 
This is not, however, an issue that the U.S. Government can -- or should -- solve single handedly.  
We must reach out to a number of partners: our allies, the international community, 
pharmaceutical manufacturers, non-profits like the Gates Foundation, and the faith-based 
community that has infrastructure on the ground in the developing world.  A successful strategy 
to reduce the impact of infectious disease requires close donor cooperation to achieve maximum 
efficiency and avoid competition and duplication of efforts.  The Bush Administration stands 
ready to contribute to a comprehensive plan to begin building a public health delivery system in 
Africa and other parts of the world where HIV is rapidly expanding, an effort that should include 
prevention of new infections, care for the sick, provision of drugs, and training of medical 
professionals.
To this end, we appeal to the world to join us in establishing a new, multi-lateral Global Fund to 
Fight Infectious Diseases, an international public-private partnership to provide grants for 
prevention and health infrastructure development focused on fighting HIV/AIDS, malaria, and 
tuberculosis.  
We believe the fund should operate under the following series of core principles:
• Our goals are to prevent new infections and treat those already afflicted, to build the 
infrastructure for health care and disease control, and to develop and train human resources.
• We seek to support a community-driven process that identifies the needs of affected areas 
and allows communities themselves to develop an appropriate, comprehensive set of 
medical, social and support services.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 14 ---
12
• We must build on already established institutions and networks in local areas, including 
research relationships, to ensure we are creating human and physical capacity that is 
sustainable over the long run.
• We support an integrated approach focusing on prevention, delivery, care and treatment.  We 
also wish to include components for health infrastructure improvement, surveillance of 
epidemics and care for orphans.
• Our intent is to start with a relatively limited number of projects, to research which 
approaches work best and are adaptable to local conditions, before scaling up over the next 
few years.
• We will outline and agree to fund a core menu of “best practice” programs, according to 
certain quality standards and experience with evidence-based models proven to work in 
developing countries.
• We will solicit letters of intent from governments and non-governmental organizations 
(NGOs), especially faith-based groups, that describe plans to implement one of more of our 
core models in local areas.
• We will require demonstration of local leadership and adherence to international standards of 
financial accountability and transparency.  We will give preference to comprehensive plans 
that involve governments and civil society working together.
• We will link our efforts in health to expanded programs in the areas of education and 
nutrition in an international parallel to the Administration’s campaign to “Leave No Child 
Behind.”
• We are committed to a policy of promoting intellectual property protection, including for 
pharmaceutical patents, because of its critical role in the rapid innovation, development, and 
commercialization of effective and safe drug therapies and vaccines.  Financial incentives are 
needed to develop new medications.  No one benefits if research on such products is 
discouraged.
With more than 50 years of experience with health projects and a proven institutional capacity to 
manage large financial transactions, the World Bank should serve as the fiscal agent for the 
Fund.  As trustee, the Bank would not be involved in matters of policy, but would serve as the 
repository for contributions from both governments and private donors and ensure the prompt 
disbursement of grants.  A small Executive Secretariat housed at the Bank and jointly staffed by 
the Bank, UNAIDS and the World Health Organization would undertake the day-to-day 
management of the trust fund, including soliciting grant proposals. 
A high-level Governing Council would provide the overall strategic direction for the fund.  
Donors that contribute at least $xx million and representatives of the developing world (serving 
in their own personal capacity and not as the emissaries of any particular state) would form the 
membership of this board.   The Council would fully control all fund decisions, including 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 15 ---
13
determining programmatic allocations, operational rules and procedures, policies and strategies, 
approving financial plans and work programs, and attracting additional donations.  In addition, 
the Council would make the final determination of the list of “best practice” models the fund 
would underwrite and the criteria necessary to win approval of letters of intent.  The president of 
the World Bank, the Director General of UNAIDS and the Director General of WHO would be 
ex officio, non-voting members of the Council.
Much like a university endowment, the fund would have a two-tiered financial structure.  The 
"core fund" would comprise a pool of resources that could be support any activity falling within 
the work program and eligibility criteria approved by the Governing Council (except for limited 
restrictions by donors).  At the same time, however, the fund would permit donors to earmark 
contributions for use on their particular priorities, as long as they fell within the overall purposes 
and priorities of the trust fund.  Both “core” and dedicated resources would be combined in each 
grant in a way transparent to the recipient.
Composed of international scientific, medical, public health and development experts, a 
Scientific and Public Health Review Committee would perform a rigorous technical peer review 
process to assess the grant applications.  Drawn from developing and developed countries and 
international organizations, with experience in the affected countries, such as UNAIDS and 
WHO, the Committee will make final decisions about the feasibility and sustainability of 
proposed programs according to criteria for each “best practice” model prescribed by the 
Governing Council.  The Committee will also operate under broad guidelines that spell out the 
recommended ratio of expenditures on prevention, treatment, and research the Council would 
prefer projects follow.
The models we might support could cover primary prevention and education programs up to 
more sophisticated, comprehensive efforts that could involve basic care and treatment, controlled 
delivery of antiretroviral therapy, medical training, and clinical trials.  Applicants will determine 
which one of the approved packages would be most appropriate and useful for the local context.  
Some might ask for resources to upgrade or build health centers to deliver basic HIV/AIDS or 
tuberculosis care and prevention programs.  Others might want help with such programs plus 
training for physicians, lab workers, nurses, community health volunteers, and pharmacists.  Still 
others might integrate both models with the provision of complex drug treatment.  Every funded 
model will also include localized monitoring to assure the efficacy of the grant and to help 
inform the selection of proposals in the future.  We will also emphasize technical assistance to 
those countries and organizations that are unable to satisfy our criteria in their letters of intent, so 
that over time they might also be able to participate.
We believe the nearly complete drive to eliminate polio offers us a model to develop a strategy 
to control HIV/AIDS and the other major killer infectious diseases.  The Administration is 
committed to making the fight against the global HIV/AIDS epidemic and other killers a priority, 
and we ask our friends and partners to join with us in a single, worldwide effort.
Bullets for above document are listed below:
Draft—For Official Use Only
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 16 ---
14
Global Fund to Fight Infectious Diseases
 Bush Administration response to the crisis HIV/AIDS and other diseases have triggered in 
international public health.
 Multi-lateral, international public-private partnership to provide grants for prevention and 
health infrastructure development focused on fighting HIV/AIDS, malaria, and tuberculosis. 
 Comprehensive plan to begin building a public health delivery system in Africa and 
elsewhere, an effort that should include prevention of new infections, care for the sick, 
provision of drugs, and training of medical professionals.
 Cooperation by many partners: our G-8 allies, the international community, pharmaceutical 
manufacturers, non-profits like the Gates Foundation, and the faith-based community that has 
a presence on the ground in the developing world.
Goals
• Prevent new infections, treat those already afflicted, build infrastructure for health care and 
disease control, and develop and train medical personnel.
• Identify the needs of affected areas and allow communities themselves to develop an 
appropriate, comprehensive set of medical, social and support services.
• Build on already established institutions and networks in local areas, including research 
relationships to ensure countries can sustain the fight on their own over time.
Approach
• Integrated approach focusing on prevention, delivery, care and treatment, along with 
components for health infrastructure improvement, surveillance of epidemics and care for 
orphans.
• Start with a relatively limited number of projects, to research which approaches work best 
and are adaptable to local conditions, before scaling up over the next few years.
• Link our efforts in health to expanded programs in the areas of education and nutrition in an 
international parallel to the Administration’s campaign to “Leave No Child Behind.”
• Work cooperatively with major pharmaceutical companies to ensure greater availability of 
access to key drug treatments.
• Continue to promote intellectual property protection, including for pharmaceutical patents, 
because of its critical role in the rapid innovation, development, and commercialization of 
effective and safe drug therapies.
Structure
• World Bank as trustee-- not involved in matters of policy, but repository for contributions 
from both governments and private donors
• Small Executive Secretariat jointly staffed by the Bank, UNAIDS and the World Health 
Organization to undertake day-to-day management of the trust fund, including soliciting 
grant proposals. 
• Two-tiered financial structure like a university endowment:  
• "core fund" of resources to support any activity falling within the work program and 
eligibility criteria 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 17 ---
15
• donors could also earmark contributions for use on their particular priorities, as long as they 
fell within the overall purposes and priorities of the trust fund.  
• Both “core” and dedicated resources combined in each grant in a way transparent to the 
recipient.
Governance
• High-level Governing Council to provide overall strategic direction.  
• Donors and representatives of the developing world (serving in their own personal capacity);
• President of the World Bank, Director General of UNAIDS and Director General of WHO as 
ex officio, non-voting members.
• Council to fully control all fund decisions, including determining programmatic allocations, 
operational rules and procedures, policies and strategies, approving financial plans and work 
programs, and attracting additional donations. 
Grant-Making
• Governing Council to outline and agree to fund core menu of “best practice” programs, 
according to certain quality standards and experience with evidence-based models proven to 
work in developing countries.
• Fund to solicit letters of intent from governments and non-governmental 
organizations (NGOs), especially faith-based groups, that describe plans to 
implement one of more of core models in local areas.
• Applicants to determine which approved packages most appropriate and useful for 
local context. 
• Models could range from simple prevention and education programs to more 
sophisticated, comprehensive efforts that could involve basic care and treatment, 
controlled delivery of anti-HIV therapy, medical training, and clinical trials.
• Emphasis on individual and government accountability, behavior change and 
abstinence-based approaches.
• Technical assistance to countries and organizations unable to satisfy our criteria in their 
letters of intent, so that over time they might also be able to participate.
• Scientific and Public Health Review Committee to perform rigorous technical peer review 
process to assess letters of intent.
• International scientific, medical, and development experts drawn from developing and 
developed countries and international organizations
• Empowered to make final decisions about feasibility and sustainability of proposed programs 
according to criteria for each “best practice” model prescribed by the Governing Council.  
• Broad guidelines that spell out the recommended ratio of expenditures on prevention, 
treatment, and research the Governing Council would prefer projects follow.
• Demonstration of local leadership and adherence to international standards of financial 
accountability and transparency required.  
• Preference given to comprehensive plans that involve governments and NGOs working 
together.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 18 ---
16
April 13, 2001 – There is a variable degree of hysteria going around with regard to the 
apparent dichotomy between those who are pushing for treatment for HIV infection in 
Africa and those who are pushing for treatment.  I see no need for conflict.  Obviously, 
we need to do both.  Below is an e-mail sent from Laurie Garrett (Pulitzer Prize winning 
reported for Newsday) to AIDS activist Gregg Gonsalves.  To me, it just shows the 
hysteria of Garrett.  I (as well as other of my colleagues) have always felt that she was a 
lousy reporter…a good book writer, but a lousy reporter since she came to every story 
with her own agenda.  Great for a book, but not for reporting.  Also, I know that she is 
hyperthyroid and witnessed a completely hyperkinetic performance by her in the summer 
of 1996 in Vancouver when we were on a TV show together at the International AIDS 
Conference.  I suspect that she was under-medicated or over-medicated.  In any event, the 
e-mail frames the ongoing feeling at the time.
Greetings.
I am writing to you because I have learned over the years that you are very
smart, insightful, and deeply concerned about the global HIV pandemic. I need
your help. I'm trying to understand what the hell is going on with the treatment
v prevention momentum now unfolding. Two enormously significant  dates are
approaching, which will merit huge media attention paid to AIDS: the 20th
Anniversary of the original MMWR "gay plague" report, and the June special
session of the UN on HIV. As we near those dates, literally thousands of people
-- all, as far as I can tell, well intended --- are argueing over how best to
direct energies and as yet uncommitted billions of dollars for themajority of
the HIV+ people of the world, namely, those too poor to currently afford HAART.
I have received many Emails and phone calls, heard heated debates, and watched
tensions rise dramatically in recent weeks. Many of you are deeply upset. Some
of you have grasped onto the treatment access issue for Africa as fervently as
you once protested the Vietnam War, or fought the Reagan administration for AIDS
research funds and human rights.
As the observer --- the journalist --- I find the rancor distressing, but
genuine. I hear various sides claiming that others have ulterior motives, are
poor scientists, etc. But  I don't think these charges are accurate or fair.
My sense is that all sides in these squabbles --- even many people working
inside the drug industry --- want to do the right thing. You just don't seem to
agree about what, exactly, the right thing is.
Today I got a particular angst-wrought message from Gregg Gonsavles, a long time
American HIV activist who has, of late, focused his considerable energies on the
global treatment access question. I wrote back to him, at length, and then
realized that the questions I was raising actually ought to be sent to you, as
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 19 ---
17
well. If you have a few moments, please take a look below. Do you have answers
for my questions? Feelings about these issues?
 I welcome responses......Hey, I'm a reporter: I ask questions and hope to get
thoughtful answers.
Thanks very very much for your time and thoughtful attention.
Laurie Garrett
lgarrett@newsday.com
***************************************************************
Gregg,
Did you see Newsday's editorial two days ago? Total support for your position
regarding treatment access.
Last night I was in a screaming match with a  doc who does work in South Africa. An
American. He actually said, "I don't give a fuck about microbicides! I don't
give a fuck about prevention! Fuck all you public health assholes! This is about
what is morally right --- treating. Fuck everything else! Bitch!"
Unbelievable.
It is absolutely amazing to me that the classic Public Health v Organized
Medicine dichotomy has so deeply divided the AIDS community all of a sudden.
Correction: the do-gooder community of Westerners. I haven't heard many African
voices chiming in on this one.
Why the hell is there any dichotomy? Haven't we learned anything from all the
mistakes made with TB, drug resistant bacteria, vaccine campaigns......? Jesus!
I have never seen a moment so desperately in need of leadership. Somebody needs
----   IMMEDIATELY  ---  to call an emergency scientific meeting, with a very
very focused agenda, super-fast.  We need:
-  Assessment of the validity of the Harvard model. And of other HAART treatment
models. With emphasis on AFRICAN reactions and desires to said model (and not
just five African academics who have been collaborating with Americans or
Europeans for years. REAL people, who toil in thankless jobs in horrible clinics
all over the continent.)
- Assessment of the questionable validity of a few assumptions in that report,
including:
     - HAART is a public health measure because is lowers transmissability (oh
really? ALL studies of the    matter at the Human Retrovirus meeting showed that
there was no clear correlation between blood       viral load and semen or
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 20 ---
18
vaginal viral loads. Do we really know this is true? We have ONE study ---  The
Rakai survey. That's it.)
     - HAART will, to quote Sachs, "save millions of lives". Really? But we now
have 3 studies on large       patient pops. showing the life expectancy benefit
of HAART in USA and Europe is perhaps as little, on     average, as 1.5 years,
no more than 5 years. That's not even a "saved life" in cancer terms, as in "5
year survival rates".  When grim data came out a year ago critics charged that
the high failure rates   were due to large populations of Americans who were
getting diagnosed and treated in late stage HIV    infection. Well, now we have
changed the treatment reccommendations to specifically say that later
stage treatment is preferable --- so much for that explanation, no?  What
really, truely, is the statistically valid efficacy of HAART?
- In terms of the pentultimate concern that I believe (I hope) is the bottom
line for all sides --- SAVING LIVES --- what would be the impact of a massive
spending commitment aimed at:
     - cleaning up the blood supply (less than 10% of which globally, according
to WHO, is currently          screened for Hep B, C and HIV)
     - global large scale distribution of autodestruct nonreuseable syringes and
MANDATORY coupling of    all injectable drug and vaccine products with such
syringes. In other words, if a vial of measles          vaccine contains 10
child doses, if should be vaccum sealed to a slab of cardboard on which are 10
autodestruct syringes. Talk about immorality! How in the world can ANY
humanitarian, medical or UN   agency POSSIBLY justify distributing vaccines in
countries with greater than 5% HIV rates without        attaching enough
autodestruct syringes to ensure that EVERY SINGLE CHILD receives a sterile
injection? I have seen this with my own eyes ---nobody can BS this one. I have
been in African villages      where 20 kids were vaccinated with the same
"single use" plastic syringe. And I have been in        Ukarianian hospitals
where syrgines were passed from child to child like candy. Consider these
points:
          - Russia estimates that by 2006 12% of her population will be HIV+,
and nearly all the infected        will be under 29 years of age, IVDUs. It's
not a sexual epidemic --- YET --- in Eastern Europe          and ex-USSR. The
opportunity to stop that part of the pandemic COLD is there. It's easy. It's
     mass access to autodestruct syringes. And it's this question: which
societal concern should       guide HIV policy --- hatred of narcontics users,
or fear of the virus? Am I wrong about this?
          - CDC just released a report indicating there were 19 BILLION (yup)
medical injections last       year globally, some 90% of which were
unnescessary. And 80% in Asia were nonsterile, 75%           in SS Africa and
70% in ex-USSR. PHYSICIAN DO NO HARM: why the hell hasn't anybody
asked what %age of this pandemic is nosocomial, iatragenic?????
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 21 ---
19
     - creating a prize --- say, $10 million --- as incentive to the first
scientific team that develops a truely safe   and effective vaginal microbicide
that can be affordably mass produced. (Total global current
microbicide R&D is now less than $50 million, as far as I can tell.) Would that
work? Just how large an  intellectual problem is anti-HIV microbicides? Isn't it
a helluva lot easier than coming up with a 90+%    effective preventive vaccine?
So, we're working on that vaccine --- FINALLY. Why not a serious
commitment to the microbicides, too? (Is it the word "vaginal"?)
     - linking treatment tightly with prevention education, in a quid pro quo
manner (tax payers are        subsidizing your HAART, and you are free to live
without prejudice or discrimination, stay healthy and   continue to have a rich,
full life. BUT, you must in return understand you have a social responsibility,
and cannot knowingly do anything that might spread your virus to others. This
includes females, who,   you African males disdain and consider subhuman. This
includes male & female prostitutes who you    pay to accept risk.) I know of no
rigorous case controlled study done anywhere in the world that asks    whether
or not this will work. Have I missed them?  But clearly, in the USA and Europe,
a very         significant %age of HAART recipients feel NO social obligation
---- why else would we have resurgent    syphilis, gonorrhea, HIV and a national
14% DRUG RESISTANT HIV rate?
     What I'm really asking here is whether the fine difference between
"treatment" and "cure" can be fully      understood, and integrated into
behavior, without intense counseling, etc. Obviously we have           problems
with comprehension here in the richest country in the world, especially among
college        educated white middle class males.
     - reassessing the results of the Levine Report and the seeming tendency for
everything at NIH to          revert. Would a serious recommittment to
addressing long unanswered basic science questions be in     order right now?
     - before we start mass distributing HAART, do we know:
          - which of the drugs are heat sensitive? What is the half life of a
protease inihibitor that is stored            under a tin roof in 90% humidity
at consistent ambient temperatures above 90 degrees F? Are        there Cold
Chain issues with any aspects of HAART or OIs treatment?
          - which of the drugs have interactions with antimalarials? With
antiparasitics? With rotgut              booze? with other drugs that have
undergone chemical change due to storage in above                 conditions?
          - what percentage of the target populations have TB, and what %age of
deaths in the local           HIV pop are due to TB? Do we know everything we
need to know to guide co-treatment of TB           and HIV with TB-DOTS and
HIV_DOTS?
          - why TB DOTs has largely failed globally, resulting in MDR-TB strains
surfacing in 112              nations over the last 6 years (when it was limited
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 22 ---
20
to less than 10 countries before then)? Do we           really know how much of
that failure is due to insufficient monetary support, how much to
infrastructural failure and how much to the DOTs model, itself, in varying
cultural and political        settings?
          - which HAART combos are least likely to lead to multiple drug
resistance, or cross resist-       ance and how that compares with the cheap
combos proposed by CIPLA and MSF, etc?
          - what key factors have, for the last decade, prevented distribution
of the Essential Drugs lists       in most African countries? (Hint: it aint got
crap to do with the cost of the drugs, prices set by              manufacturers
or WHO policies. It has everything to do with corruption, black markets,
     Russian mob,  bad roads, lack of ship off-loading capacity at ports,
warehousing in                high heat, etc etc.)
     - WHY AFRICA? OK, I'm asking a rhetorical question here. But if global
distribution of HAART makes sense for ssAfrica, why not also for Vietnam?
Ukraine? Cambodia? Russia? Estonia? Is it a question of a certain cut-off, such
as "societies with greater than 10% HIV+ rates?"  Or 5%? Who has the right to
make that decision? What are the moral issues here? Do white doctors from
America  and Europe get to choose which HIV poor populations on earth get to
have freebie drugs? Does WHO decide? MSF? YOU??????  (If I were an AIDS doc in
Bombay or Kiev right now I would be mighty pissed off....).
     - If, indeed, Senegal, Uganda, Thailand and Brazil have not only lowered
their mass HIV rates, but sustained lowered levels, what worked? (From my
observations in Uganda I would say the lowering was transient, and it is now
resurging in much of the country. It was not sustained. Senegal never did have a
high rate: why? All of west Africa has lower rates....why? Many believe it has
little to do with prevention programs or drug access, and everything to do with
male/female power balance issues and female access to the cash economy.)  Jon
Mann for ages had a mantra: if a prevention effort works, why? and why isn't it
immediately replicated elsewhere?
     - Why were all the questions raised in opposition to phase 3 vaccine trials
not raised for largescale HAART? Remember when NIAID decided to can Phase 3
vaccine studies? The reasons were not so much about the likelihood the vaccines
would work (nobody thought they would), but concerns that people who received
the vaccines would then put themselves and their partners at higher risk, based
on the assumption that they were at least somewhat protected. That was shouted
from the rafters, and continues to be a huge issue. NIH and CDC have spent loads
of money trying to figure out how to counsel vaccine volunteers, what to say
about safe sex, etc. It has been an ENORMOUS concern in the vaccine arena ---
well in advance of actually having a product worth testing. But with HAART?
Bupkiss. Nada. Zilcho. This seems a glaring contradiction bordering on mass
hypocrisy.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 23 ---
21
OK, that's my venting for the day.
I try to report the truth. I strive for balance. It's getting harder because
everybody is fudging the truth now. Everybody is letting their agendas guide
policy ---NOT the science. For the most part, as far as I can tell, the science
has never really been done. Please, prove to me that I've merely missed it.
Laurie
April 15 – 20 – Trip to Uganda
TRIP TO UGANDA
April 15 – 20, 2001
April 15 – Leave Washington, DC
April 16 – Arrive Entebbe/Kampala at 7:00 PM 
April 17 – Spent the day  touring medical facilities and making patient rounds at various 
hospitals and facilities in Kampala.  Jack Killen (Director, Division of AIDS, NIAID) 
was my traveling partner.
Started the day off by meeting with Nelson K. Sewankambo (Dean, University of 
Makerere School of Medicine.  Went off to the Mulago Hospital Antenatal Clinic 
escorted by Professor F. Mmiro, a charming and enthusiastic 50-ish OB-GYN doc and 
Laura Guay, a pediatrician.  This was a most extraordinary experience. I witnessed and 
interacted with  large numbers of Ugandan women who come to the clinic for antenatal 
care.  If they request, they are screened for HIV infection and counseled.  Most of them, 
although they come to the antenatal clinic, deliver at home unless there are complications 
such as twinning or toxemia.  The percentage of HIV-positivity among them used to be 
>40 percent.  Now it is approximately 20 percent.  The physical nature of the clinic was 
that of open rooms connected to outside virandas.  The clinic was packed. Many women 
looked healthy, but several clearly had HIV disease.  Since no treatment is available, no 
one from among the clinic patients gets treated for HIV.  If they can pay something, they 
get treatment for OIs and many get prophylactic Bactrim.  Patients who can pay fully will 
get reasonable care. I had to hold back my tears.
Next we went  on to the Makerere University (MU)-Johns Hopkins University 
(JHU) Project that is heavily funded by NIAID.  We were shown around by Laura Guay 
and Phillip Musoke  Mudido, a Ugandan physician.  Laura is extraordinary.  She is an 
American woman who has been in Uganda for 13 years.  She is single and has adopted 
(or at least supports) a few Ugandan children who are AIDS orphans.  They showed me 
around their clinical research projects.
Next went to the U.S. Embassy to meet with Ambassador Martin Brennan, a 40-
ish man who appeared extremely interested and knowledgeable about HIV in Uganda.  I 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 24 ---
22
discussed with him the NIAID initiatives as well as my recent interactions with Secretary 
Thompson, the State Department, NSC, Domestic Policy Council, and the White House 
concerning the development and implementation of a White House and US Government 
policy and plan of action for treatment of HIV in Africa and AIDS care in Africa. At the 
meeting was Ms. Dawn Liberi, USAID Chief for Uganda and Jonathan Mermin, a CDC 
person assigned to the US Embassy.  Excellent meeting.  Extraordinary security related to 
the terrorist attack on the Nairobi Embassy last year. We could not even take cell phones 
into the ambassador’s office.
Next went on to the Joint Clinical Research Center (JCRC) escorted by Peter 
Mugenyi and Cissy Kityo.  Like Nelson Sewankambo, Peter is clearly an important 
physician in Uganda and the JCRC does much clinical research on HIV/AIDS.  It was 
unclear how patients get put on a protocol and are followed at JCRC versus getting 
admitted as a regular patient to Mulago Hospital.  The JCRC is the source of many of the 
important clinical studies that have come out of Kampala.  I was impressed by the 
sophisication of their operation.  Many Africans and some expatriots (mostly Americans) 
work here and also at other facilities that I visited including the Rakai Project (see 
below).  Most Staff (PH.Ds, MDs, MPHs and even technicians have spent some time 
learning techniques and theory in the USA.
Next went on to make Ward Rounds in the Department of Medicine at Mulago 
Hospital with Roy Mugerwa and Harriet Mayanja.  This was clearly one of the defining 
moments of the trip for me and changed the way I think about the reality and potential of 
AIDS care and health care in general in Uganda and Africa since Uganda is considered 
one of the best.  The wards were packed; people were lying in hallways, in open air 
virandas, and some were waiting with their families to gain admission.  Most looked 
extremely ill and cachectic.  Others were reasonable fit, but obviously acutely ill. I have 
rounded on thousands of patients over the years, but I have never seen anything like this 
except maybe when I made rounds at the King Edward Hospital at the University of 
Natal in Durban, South Africa in July, 2000.  The difference here is that virtually no one 
gets treated specifically for their disease because of lack of anti-retrovirals and inability 
to pay even for drugs for OIs, TB and malaria.  The rule (with few exceptions is that if 
the patients cannot pay something (even a dollar or 2), then they get no specific 
treatment. If they can pay, but are poor, they do “cost sharing” whereby they pay for part 
of what is to be done (i.e. chest x-ray, medications, etc.); however, it is severely limited 
by the amount which they cost share. If you are relatively wealthy and can pay, you go to 
a different ward and anything is possible diagnostically (chest x-ray, CT, blood work) 
and therapeutically (ARV, OI treatment, etc.).  I saw patient after patient with HIV 
disease (mostly diagnosed not by serology since ELISA was too expensive - $4.00) and 
OIs.  Overwhelmingly, patients had active TB.  Here again, diagnosis was made 
clinically without chest x-ray and frequently without sputum smear and culture.  
Certainly, no CTs, bronchoscopies etc.  I remember specifically a 17 year girl who had 
HIV disease (diagnosed by wasting and oral thrush) and likely cryptococcal meningitis 
(dx made clinically); they were considering doing an India ink stain on CSF, but decided 
not to since they could not do anything for her anyway since she could not afford 
amphotericin or fluconazole.  The plan for the patient was hydration, analgesia and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 25 ---
23
discharge home to her mother.  It was tragic!  Again, I could barely hold back tears. A 
similar case was that of a man in his 30s with obvious HIV disease and likely 
disseminated TB.  Again, no specific therapy.  It hit me like a truck!  We were here in 
Uganda talking about the possibility of AIDS care now that drugs would likely be 
available at markedly reduced prices for Africa (see other discussion regarding tidal wave 
of movement to provide drugs).  The problem that was clear to me was that even in the 
Mulago Hospital, which is one of the best in Africa there was not even basic health care!  
Imagine (see below) in the rural areas where there are hardly any doctors.  In addition, 
what kind of training were the house staff getting when they could not definitively 
diagnose and certainly only rarely treat anyone?  It became clear to me that we must use 
the enthusiasm about providing AIDS drugs to Africans to catalyze an effort to address 
fundamental health care in Africa.  Even in the best of places (Uganda), there is hardly 
any health care infrastructure.
April 18 -  Visit to Rakai. Went with Jack Killen (who was with me throughout the entire 
trip).  Leading the trip was Nelson Sewankambo, David Serwadda, T Lutalo, and F. 
Wabwire.  This was one of the highlights of the trip.  NIAID funds, in collaboration with 
Makerere University, Columbia University, and Johns Hopkins, a project in the Rakai 
district of Uganda (southwest of Kampala towards the border with Tanzania and 
Rwanda).  The project has been going on for about 13 years and has been the source of 
many major papers including most of Tom Quinn’s work on the role of STDs in HIV 
transmission, the relationship between viral load and transmission in discordant couples, 
and the protective effect of circumcision on transmission of HIV, among other studies.  
The site was inspiring, particularly the dedication of the staff who were mostly young 
Ugandan MDs, PH.Ds, technicians, nurses, etc.  Also included among them were a few 
dedicated American expatriots who were either permanent or doing a fellowship (usually 
out of Hopkins).  Of note, were Noah Kiwanuka, a Ugandan, born in Rakai, who went to 
medical school in Kampala and received his MPH from Hopkins.  He was as good as 
they get and clearly was in command of the project.  Also of note was Mary Meehan, an 
American wife, mother of 3, and a scientist who had been living with her journalist 
husband in Uganda and working at both the Uganda Virus Institute in Entebbe and the 
Rakai project. 
Of particular note on the trip was the level of available care in this district, which 
made Mulago look modern.  I visited the Kalisizo hospital as well as a “subdistrict” anti-
natal and general medical clinic.  There was almost no physical access.  The best of the 
roads were almost impassable.  There were large ruts and gigantic potholes in the 
unpaved road.  Even with a four-wheel drive van, we barely made it since it was the rainy 
season and segments of the road were partially washed away.  I will never forget the 
patients that I saw at Kalisizo and the rural clinic.  There were benches full of patients 
waiting to be registered and hallways full of people waiting to be seen.  Some patients 
were tended to by their families and were lying on the walkways and hallways or on the 
lawn without a bed.  The pediatric ward had 2 children per bed.  I was told that among 
their other diseases such as HIV and TB, the majority of the people in the wards, 
especially the children, had malaria.  I say several children being transfused for malaria-
induced anemia.  Now in 2001, the blood supply is well-screened.  I can only imagine 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 26 ---
24
how many children got HIV-infected years ago before blood screening by these 
transfusions given for malaria.  The faces of the patients were haunting.  They were very 
quiet; no one made a sound, even the most ill.  The Kalisizo hospital was staffed by 3 
MDs whose training was medical school and 1 to 2 years of house staff training.  These 
people did everything that did not absolutely require secondary and tertiary care.  They 
performed deliveries, Caesarean sections, abdominal surgery (including bowel resection 
and anastomosis), fractures and other trauma as well as some types of chest surgery.  
With all due respect to their dedication, I thought at the time and still do now that despite 
the fact that on-the spot training is critical, these people could not be highly skilled 
surgeons since the only formal training that they had before they came to this place was a 
course in “surgical techniques” in medical school.  This involved resecting bowels of 
sheep and other animals.  There was no senior attending here supervising them.
An important point about the visit was the extraordinary sophistication and 
dedication of the staff of the Rakai Project.  They were amazingly organized in their 
system of following patients on study. They had a large number of counselors and field 
workers who went out into the field and tracked and counseled their patients.  They went 
out by truck, motorcycle or on foot.  They were mostly young Ugandans who were 
clearly dedicated.  The success of the projects clearly depended on them.
April 19 – The meeting entitled “AIDS Care in Africa” started today and I gave a brief 
opening address that I had carefully prepared with a written statement and slides that I 
had asked Greg Folkers to immediately post on the NIAID Website after the talk (please 
see copy of speech).  Given the tidal wave of enthusiasm of getting antiretroviral drugs to 
Africans, there was in the global community immediately prior to this meeting a major 
dichotomy between those who were concerned that providing treatment would suck off 
resources from prevention and other activities and those who felt that we should proceed 
vigorously towards treating African with anti-retrovirals now that the prices of drugs 
were markedly decreased.  It was clear to me from my reflections before the meeting (see 
my speech) and from my 2 days of observing first-hand the situation in Kampala that 
there needed to be a balance between treating Africans and accelerating the prevention 
measures.  Also, and extremely important was the fact that as mentioned above, there was 
hardly any health care infrastructure in Uganda (which was better than most African 
countries).  I stressed that we must act in a comprehensive manner by building 
sustainable health care and research infrastructure and by also considering other basic 
health care issues such as clean water; treatment and prophylaxis for malaria, TB; 
vaccinations against childhood diseases; treatment of diarrheal and acute respiratory 
diseases.  My remarks were extremely well received and clearly the meeting organizers 
and participants were pleased that I was there and were looking to me for sober 
leadership in this difficult problem.
An interesting event transpired at the morning session.  Ugandan President 
Museveni was scheduled to speak immediately before my talk.  He was late and so I gave 
my talk and chaired the session for about 1 ½ hours.  Just at the end of the question 
period, the President walked into the Ballroom of the Sheraton Hotel where the meeting 
was held.  He was accompanied by his Chief Deputy Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda.  Everyone 
including myself left the stage to make way for the President.  I took a seat in the first 
row of the audience.  Just then, Dr. Rugunda stepped down from the stage, grabbed my 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 27 ---
25
arm and led me to the stage saying that the President very much wanted me to sit down 
next to him during his speech.  I was told that the President has long been an admirer of 
me and respected all that I had done for AIDS.  The President greeted me with a 
handshake and began his speech by recognizing me to the audience.  After his speech, Dr. 
Rugunda asked me to say some words.  I extemporaneously spoke into the microphone 
directly to the President and told him that he was a model of African leadership and that 
he was highly respected in the USA and throughout the world for his sensitivity, insight 
and leadership in the fight against AIDS, and that we often refer to the “Uganda Model”.  
I told him that when I returned to the USA part of my responsibility was to report back to 
my Minister of Health, Secretary of DHHS, Gov. Tommy Thompson and the staff of the 
White House.  I said that I would tell them that what we have heard about President 
Museveni was true and that you were indeed an inspired leader and that we look forward 
to continuing to work with him. He was obviously very pleased with my remarks and 
gave me a hearty handshake and a very warm smile.
At dinner that night, The Rockefeller Foundation hosted a working dinner for 
several of the participants to discuss the meeting.  I was asked to serve as rappateur for 
my table and we had lively discussions about where we go next in this process.
April 20, 2001 -  Last day of meeting and my day of departure.  Discussions continued 
and we all realized how difficult it would be to accomplish this lofty goal of providing 
antiretroviral therapy for Africans.  There was good news during the meeting that the 
consortium of drug companies had withdrawn their ill-advised lawsuit against South 
Africa for trying to distribute drugs outside of patent restrictions.  Now the South African 
government (which has been extremely problematic at best with President Mabeki 
showing bizarre behavior regarding whether HIV causes AIDS) would have to move to 
start treating their people since the drug companies could no longer be considered the 
obstacles.
Lincoln Chen of the Rockefeller Foundation gave a very nice summary of the 
meeting as the last speaker and used many of my direct quotes from my talk and my 
discussions to make important points.  One in particular was my warning to beware of the 
“ethical police” who would only want us to do studies in Africa that would be acceptable 
and relevant in the USA.  This centers around the issue of the Declaration of Helsinki 
which states that the control arm of any trial in a developed country (or anywhere) would 
have to be the best possible therapy for the disorder.  By “best possible therapy”, they 
mean best anywhere.  This would make research to answer questions that are relevant to 
Africa virtually impossible.  We all agree that high ethical standards are necessary; but to 
demand the best therapy anywhere as the control arm in a nation where there is virtually 
no health care and which would not be relevant to Africa is unrealistic.  Everyone in the 
audience agreed and gave me a long applause.
After the meeting, we drove to the Uganda Virus Institute in Entebbe on the way 
to the airport to visit Dr. Sylester Sempala, a well known Ugandan virologist whom I had 
met previously at a meeting in Naples, and Mary Meehan.  It was a nice facility (by 
African standards) and the view was magnificent.  It was perched overlooking the shores 
of Lake Victoria.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 28 ---
26
This was an extremely important trip for me in that it gave me a first-hand 
appreciation of the dire situation in Africa, not only with regard to HIV/AIDS, but also 
with regard to heath care in Africa in general.  I believe that this trip will change me 
dramatically towards a direction that I have already been heading for the past couple of 
years.  This direction is towards a greater effort and interest on my part in global health.
  
April 24, 2001 – Spent 30 minutes on the phone with Secretary Tommy Thompson 
briefing him on my trip to Uganda.  Thompson is getting ready to brief the Cabinet and 
convince them that the USA should take a leadership role in the AIDS in Africa initiative.  
He mentioned that he will rely very heavily on me to help him accomplish this important 
goal.
May 5, 2001 – Important conference call with DHHS.  On call was Art Lawrence 
(Acting ASH), Eric Goosby, Helene Gayle, ASH-Designate Claude Allen, Jeff Copeland, 
Terrell Halaska, Bill Steiger.
We (Me, Jeff Copeland, Terrell Halaska, Bill Steiger)  had been working for 
weeks on putting together a position paper for Secretary Thompson on the response to the 
challenge of AIDS in Africa.  UN Secretary General Kofi Annan will come out with a 
proposal for a Global Trust Fund for AIDS in Africa in June at a Special Session of the 
UN General Assembly.  The White House used our White paper as background to get out 
front on the issue and announce that the USA would contribute to the Global Trust Fund.  
We were told on the call that the Cabinet Council met with Pres. Bush.  The Cabinet 
Council consisted of Secr. Thompson, Secretary Colin Powell, Carl Rove, OMB Director 
Mitch Daniels, Domestic Policy Council Margaret La Montagne, Pres. Counsel 
Rodriguez and members of VP Cheney’s office.  The decision was made for Pres. Bush 
to announce on May 9, 2001 that the USA would contribute in FY 2002 $200 million to 
the Trust Fund.  However, of great relevance to me and NIH, there would be no new 
money.  It would all be budgetary offsets.  Of the $200 million, HHS would give $100 
million, Dept. of State would give $60 million and $40 million would come from the 
existing AIDS trust fund.  Of the $100 million from HHS $95 million would come from 
NIH as a transfer.  $65 million would come from B & F, $25 million from NIAID, $5 
million from NIH OD and $5 million from cyber security.  Of considerable note is that 
Bill Steiger mentioned on the call that he was very “grateful for the generosity of Tony 
Fauci who has offered to provide the $25 million from his FY 2002 appropriation.  Since 
NIAID will get a 14.2% increase, when you subtract the $25 million, this means we 
would still get a $260 million increase in our >$2 billion budget.  It would not be taken 
out of the base, but would be a one time transfer.”.  The fact is that I had offered to help a 
few weeks earlier in my conversation with Terrell Halsaka.  By “help” I was not referring 
to the Trust fund; I was referring to putting more research money into the AIDS effort in 
Africa.  There was no way that I offered $25 million for the trust fund.  However, I did 
not object over the phone since it was obviously a done deal and the President was going 
to announce it.  It would look very bad if I objected.   There was nothing that I could do 
but turn this “challenge” into an “opportunity”.  In the end, it really is the right thing to 
do since it shows leadership in an important cause and our base was not impacted.  I will 
probably take some heat from our constituencies.  However, who can cogently argue 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 29 ---
27
against my doing something for dying Africa babies?  At the end of the day, I am not 
unhappy at the outcome since we need to get the ball rolling on the African AIDS issue 
and Tommy Thompson and I are leading the way.
May 10, 2001 – Met with Ambassador-Designate to the UN John Negroponte at the State 
Department. Also at the meeting was his aide Joe Marty. Secretary Thompson had 
suggested to him that I brief him on the international AIDS crises in preparation for his 
assuming the position as US Ambassador to the UN.  It was a good meeting and John 
recalled with pleasure that I had briefed him on AIDS in 1985 (more than 15 years ago). I 
mentioned to him that the situation in Africa is much more of a health care 
infrastructure/nation building problem than it is a scientific problem. We renewed 
friendship and promised to work closely together.  
May 11, 2001 – Developed acute prostatitis and gram-negative sepsis; gave talk to 
HVTN in Crystal city in the AM of Friday 5/11/01; went to Dr. David Jacobs’s office 
immediately after talk; dropped BP and developed shaking chills.  Received antibiotics; 
went home, but then went to Atlanta on Sunday to deliver Commencement Address at 
Emory Medical School.  I know…. I am nuts!
May 18, 2001 – Had important meeting with Adel Mahmoud in my Conference room 
regarding future collaborations with Merck on an HIV Vaccine.  Present – Jack Killen, 
John La Montagne, Peggy Johnston, Gary Nabel.  Meeting triggered by my concern that 
Merck was leading Gary Nabel on regarding collaborations with NIH (in the form of 
Emilio Emini), but really did not want to collaborate for obvious and understandable 
reasons. Ed Scolnick and I spoke by phone and decided that we needed to get Adel M. 
involved.  My feeling is that although the parties are friends (me, Adel Mahmoud, Ed 
Scolnick), Merck does not feel that it is in their best interest to get seriously involved in a 
collaboration with the US government (i.e. NIH) for the obvious reason that they want 
control given they have invested so much and are aimed directly at approval of product.  I 
believe that they are acting like they want to collaborate for public relations purposes.  I 
actually do not blame them since I would probably do the same thing if I were in private 
industry.
May 21, 2001 – Had dinner at home of William Haseltine (CEO of Human Genome 
Sciences).  Bill is an old and good friend who frequently includes me in social events.  
The event was the meeting of the Board of Trustees of the Brookings Institution.  Bill is a 
Board member. It was a politically star-studded gust list including most of the Trustees.  
Present were James Johnson (Chair), Larry Summers (former Secr. of Treasury and 
recently appointed President of Harvard), Dennis Ross (Middle East peace negotiator 
who gave a great after dinner talk on Middle East conflict), Joan Spero (DDCF), Donna 
Shalala, Leonard Shaeffer. Michael Armacost (President of The Brookings), Lee 
Hamilton (former Congressman and President of the Woodrow Wilson Institute), Zoe 
Baird, etc. etc.  Excellent conversation at dinner regarding a wide range of world and 
domestic topics.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 30 ---
28
May 24, 2001 – Went with Christine to the Sons of Italy dinner at the National Building 
Museum.  Met and had warm conversations with old friends Sam Donaldson (MC for the 
event), Tony Lo Bianco, Connie Stevens, John Podesta, etc.  Seated at my table was 
Connie and Tony Morella, and Geraldine Ferraro.  Geraldine confided in me that she has 
been treated for multiple myeloma for the past 2 years and is doing great (in remission).  
She will come out publicly at a Congressional Hearing to push for research on multiple 
myeloma.
May 25, 2001 – Briefed the Staff of Sen. Thomas Daschle on global health down at the 
Senator’s office.  Main person was Dennis McDonough.  It was coincidental that Sen. 
Jim Jeffords had just turned from Republican to Independent and will vote with the 
Democrats and so Daschle will be the new Senate Majority Leader.  Big excitement 
about this in Washington. 
June 24-25, 2001 – Attended the United Nations General Assembly Special Session 
(UNGASS) on HIV/AIDS in NYC as part of the U.S. Delegation headed by Secretary of 
State Colin Powell and Secretary of DHHS Tommy Thompson.  This was an historic 
event in which Heads of State, Ambassadors, and Ministers of Health gathered and 
pledged a new attitude towards the catastrophic epidemic.  A Declaration was agreed 
upon (with some objections from Moslem countries to the use of words such as sex-
workers, homosexuality, etc.).  A United National Global Trust Fund was agreed upon.  
As mentioned above, US contributed $200 million to the fund. Other countries are 
following such as UK with $200 million over 5 years, France with $120 over 5 years.  
There is some concern as to how the fund would be managed and administered.
Kofi Annan gave a magnificent speech.  Colin Powell also was superb; much of 
material from his speech reflected material that I had put together for the joint meeting in 
the White House (see above) in preparation for the “fund”.  
I spent much time with Secretary Thompson negotiating with the French Minister 
of Health Bernard Kouchner and Brazilian Minister of Health Jose Serra.  We discussed 
the establishment of Hospitals for AIDS in Africa with the French and the patent situation 
re: US made drugs used in Brazil.
July 20, 2001 – Meeting at the White House.  Was asked and went to White House to 
present an “AIDS Update” to the Cabinet Task Force on HIV/AIDS that is chaired by 
Secretaries Tommy Thompson and Colin Powell.  Present was Secretary of Education 
and Deputy Secretaries of Treasury, OMB, etc.  I was very well received and Powell 
asked many questions.
July 25, 2001 – Met with former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.  He is interested 
in diabetes and brought people from the American Diabetes Association with him.  He 
had previously helped in getting us (NIAID) an additional $40 million dollars a couple of 
years ago for autoimmune diseases and wanted to know how he might continue to help us 
in our work on the immunological nature of Type 1 diabetes.  He also wanted and got a 
general briefing on what NIAID is doing in diabetes research from me and Dan Rotrosen 
(Director, DAIT, NIAID).
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 31 ---
29
August 2, 2001 – Had meeting at NIH (Building 31, 7A-24 Conference room called by 
Richard Falkenrath of the National Security Council who is Ambassador to the Biological 
Weapons Convention.  Present at the meeting were:  John La Montagne, Thomas Monath 
(Acambis Co.- Vice Pres. For Research and Med. Affairs), Stuart Nightingale (DHHS), 
Robert Mikulak (Director, Office of Chemical & Biological Weapons Convention, Dept. 
of State), Carole Heilman (DMID/NIAID), George Poste, Matthew Meselson (Harvard), 
Margaret Hamburg, Joshua Lederberg.
Purpose of meeting was to review a White Paper that had been put together as an 
internal document for President Bush.  The President had just rejected signing the 
renewal of the Biological Weapons Convention (BWC) on the basis that it was 
unenforceable.  Falkenrath was tasked with putting together a briefing document that was 
an expression of our interest in the problem, but was an alternative approach to the BWC.  
We crafted something that was a “high road” approach indicating that since we cannot 
enforce restrictions among committed users and abusers, then at least we can support 
biomedical research to provide better diagnostics, therapeutics and vaccines.  At worst, 
even if it does not help with bioterrorism, it would be useful for mankind.
August 9, 2001 -  After much deliberation and soul searching, President Bush decided 
and announced that Federal funding would be allowed for research on embryo-derived 
stem cells.  However, funding would be restricted to work on embryonic stem cell lines 
that had either already been established or were in the process of being established (i.e. 
the stem cells had already been removed from the embryo as of August 9, 2001).  NIH 
(mostly in the form of Lana Skirboll) had canvassed the world and found that 60 such 
lines were in existence, many in the private sector.  The lines were growing robustly and 
were established according to the 4 points that President Bush mentioned in his speech, 
i.e. they had to be in vitro fertilized embryos that fulfilled the following criteria: 1) 
informed consent; 2) in excess of clinical need; 3) not done as a result of financial 
inducement; 4) embryos not established for the purpose of research.
The public response was that the far right felt that the President had betrayed his 
pledge not to fund research on embryonic stem cells.  Several scientists felt that he had 
not gone far enough since he restricted granting of Federal funds for further (after August 
9) use of embryos to derive stem cells.  I felt that Bush went as far as he could go 
politically since on the one hand, if he disallowed any work on embryonic stem cells, the 
far right would have been happy, but it would not be a sustainable position for the general 
public.  On the other hand, if he allowed the unrestricted use of embryos that had been 
established for in vitro fertilization (even though this was what I hoped he would do), the 
conservatives would have damaged him politically.  In other words, I believe that he went 
as far as he could go.
August 10, 2001 – Secretary Tommy Thompson came to NIH to hold a press conference 
to discuss the embryonic stem cell decision.  He requested that I be with him on stage 
along with Claude Lenfant, Lana Skirboll, Ruth Kirschstein, and Audrey Penn (acting 
Director of NINDS).  When he asked me to speak, I made a statement thanking him for 
his leadership (since he favored allowing funding all along) and also thanked the 
President for his courage in making a difficult choice, but one that will allow us to go 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 32 ---
30
forward and do some good for mankind.  I also pointed out the important fact that now 
we can do head-to-head comparisons of stem cells derived from embryos versus adults 
versus fetal tissue.  My comments appeared on the front page of the New York Times on 
August 11 and a clip of my comments was shown on the Lehr Newshour on the evening 
of August 10.  I am sure that some scientists will criticize me for saying that the decision 
was a positive thing.  However, it is clear to me that these types of people are clueless 
when it comes to the world of Washington, D.C.  Furthermore, the far right will also be 
upset since I favored the use of embryonic stem cells at all.  I care even less about what 
they think of my position.  All in all, I believe that this was a good day for biomedical 
research.  Lana Skirboll deserves much create for turning the President around.
August 12, 2001 – CNN in association with Time Magazine ran a special program on 
“America’s Best in Science and Medicine”.  I was featured in an 11 minute segment 
along with 4 other scientists.  This was in association with Time Magazine naming me 
one of 18 scientists as “America’s Best in Science and Medicine”.  This feature appeared 
in the August 26 edition of Time that reached the newsstands on August 13.
August 13, 2001 – Bob Wood (Chief of Staff for HHS Secretary Thompson) phoned and 
said that Secr. Thompson and President Bush have been discussing my turning down of 
the NIH Director’s job and they want me to reconsider and to name my own conditions 
including maintaining my Directorship of NIAID and virtually anything else I wanted.
August 14, 2001 – Terrell Halaska (Deputy Chief of Staff to Secr. Thompson) called 
with almost identical pleas as that of Bob Wood (see above).  She mentioned that I am 
frequently mentioned at the White House and that the President wanted very much for me 
to be NIH Director.  I told Terrell that I did not want to do this and explained to her that 
my reasons were similar to those 12 years ago when I said no to President Bush (the 
elder), i.e. I wanted to work fulltime on the AIDS epidemic and on Global Health and 
Infectious Diseases.  She was very understanding and was quite complimentary to me, 
saying what an honor it was to work with me.  Clearly, the phone call went well.
August 15, 2001 – As I had promised, I called back Bob Wood and told him exactly 
what I had told Terrell Halaska.  Bob also was very understanding.
August 20, 2001 – Secr. Thompson spends entire day at NIH as part of his week at NIH.  
I presented to him on Global Health and Vaccine Development at NIH.  Also, Gary 
Nabel and I gave him a tour of the NIAID Vaccine Research Center.
August 21, 2001 – Attended a meeting at the White House of the Policy Coordinating 
Committee of the Biological Weapons Conference group.  Chaired by Robert Joseph 
(Special asst. to the President) and Richard Falkenrath (Deputy to Condolezza Rice).  
Present at meeting was Ambassador Donald Mahley, Special Negotiator at State 
Department for Chemical/Biological Weapons, as well as representatives from Justice 
Dept., State, DOD, DHHS (me, John La Montagne, William Steiger), etc.  Purpose was 
to review document that the group put together (White Paper) as a policy that the 
President will articulate in association with the USA refusing to re-certify the Biological 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 33 ---
31
Weapons Conference.  The paper takes a high road approach about how to handle this 
problem, while recognizing that much of what was contained in previous agreements was 
unenforcible.  John La Montagne and I had contributed to the scientific components of 
the white paper.
August 23, 2001 – Secr.Thompson on a visit to NIH again offered me the position as 
NIH Director and said that the President wanted me and that I could indeed be NIH 
Director, NIAID Director, and keep my Lab.  I told him that I wanted to remain doing 
what I was doing at full speed and so refused his offer.  He was extremely gracious and 
quite complimentary to me.  He said that I was the most outstanding person that he had 
ever met ….really.  He said that he would not ask me again unless I brought it up.
Sept. 11, 2001 – Day of infamy. I was in New York City at the time of the attack on the 
World Trade Center.  Below is a note that I sent to Andy Saxon (in response to his 
concern for the safety of me and my family) after returning to Washington, D.C. that 
explains what happened:
Dear Andy:
Thanks for the note.   I was actually in New York City about 30 
blocks from the World Trade Center in a taxi cab getting ready to go to 
a meeting of the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation at the precise time 
that the first plane hit.  By the time I got to the meeting in mid-town 
Manhattan and went into the building, I saw on TV the second plane hit.  
It was the most horrible day of my life.  I was not hurt nor was I ever 
in any danger; however, it is an experience that I will never forget. 
As you know, my father lives alone in New York, but his apartment is 
about 70 blocks uptown from the WTC and he is fine.  Also, as you know, 
my girls go to school in Washington, D.C; however, they are reasonably 
far from the Pentagon.  They saw the smoke from their classrooms on the 
grounds of the National Cathedral and as expected were emotionally 
traumatized.  All DC schools were immediately dismissed and the 
children went home.  However, Jenny, Megan, and Alison (not to mention 
Chris) were very frightened since they knew that I had just left for 
New York City that morning.  I could not phone to tell them that I was 
OK since all of the cell phones and fixed phones were jammed.  Finally, 
I got through to them and they were obviously very relieved. I feel 
very fortunate. I was stranded in NYC for a while, but finally caught a 
late night train out to DC.
Washington is an eerie town right now.  Military police are all 
over downtown, National Airport is closed INDEFINITELY, and F-16 jets 
are flying in combat formation all day and night over the city.  The 
NIH has concrete barricades at every entrance and if your car does not 
have an NIH sticker and you do not have an NIH ID, you could be the 
Pope and you will not get on campus.  This is true of all Federal 
Buildings.  As you probably know from the News, the FBI now knows that 
there are several cells of terrorists still in the USA with plans to 
execute terrorist attacks, and Washington, D.C. is the prime target.  I 
do not think that things will be the same around here. What a terrible 
situation for us and the world.
Again, thank you for your concern.
Best regards,
Tony
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 34 ---
32
September 17 – 20 , 2001  - I have been called to several top secret meetings over a 4 
days period at the White House with the National Security Council (NSC) in a group 
chaired by Richard Falkenrath (see other notes) to discuss short and long range plans for 
how to handle a bioterrorism attack, particularly one of smallpox.  Also, several meeting 
in top secret format were held at DHHS in the Humphrey Building.  People at the DHHS 
meetings include Stewart Simonson (Chief of Staff to Claude Allan), Scott Lillibridge, 
Claude Allan (deputy Secretary), Tom Month of  Acambis company that is making 
smallpox vaccine, D.A. Henderson (Hopkins), Kathy Zoon (FDA), Ann Agnew (Exec 
Sec. OD/DHHS, John La Montagne (NIAID), James Meegan (NIAID), Bill Raub 
(DHHS), and others.  Check files.  At the White House (Chaired by Richard Falkenrath, 
Deputy to Condi Rice) there was Avis Bohlen (State), J.D. Crouch (Defense), Kenneth 
Justice )Commerce, Kathy Zoon (FDA), John La Montagne (NIAID), Bill Steiger 
(DHHS), Don Mahley (State), Michael Chertoff (Justice), General John Parker (Defense), 
Peter Jahrlin (Defense) and others.  Check with John La Montagne and other notes.  We 
discussed and provided ‘White Papers”  a) to justify our not agreeing to the renewal of 
the 1992 Bioweapons Convention because it is un enforcible and would also hinder our 
legitimate scientists workiing on biomedical research on these organisms. b) justification 
for not destroying the smallpox stores since we need them to do research to counter 
effects of a smallpox terrorism attack with diagnostics, vaccines, and therapy.c)  Short 
and long range plans for countering an immediate or distant bioterrorism attack.
September 17, 2001 – While I was at DHHS for the smallpox meetings, Secretary 
Thompson called me in his office and said that although he had said that he would not 
ask me again to be NIH Director unless I brought it up, he said that he had to do so now 
since “…the country needs me, particularly during these stressful times.  I want you very 
much and President Bush wants me very much”.  Although I had been resisting this for 
months (and years) (see above), I felt that I could not refuse this call to duty.  Thompson 
said to name my conditions.  I wrote them down and deliver them to him the next day on 
Sept. 18.  The conditions were: 1) Dual roles as NIH Director and NIAID Director; 2) 
Additional staff; 3)  Direct access to him; 4) Good faith discussions regarding plans that 
he has to do administrative restructuring (centralizing) at NIH OD and away from the 
individual institutes such as budget, human resources, etc.  I felt that particularly budget 
and to a lesser extent HR centralization would not work; 5)  $300,000.00 salary ; 6) 
Continue to do editing with royalties (especially HPIM) and remain on Board of Trustees 
of the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation.  The Secretary agreed on all of these except he 
decreased the salary number to $295,000.00.  I told him that I accept the offer.  He will 
send all of this to the White House to clear that they also accept these conditions.  I do 
not expect anything to happen soon given that we are headed to war and likely additional 
terrorist attacks.
September 24, 2001 – Yet another visit to the White House, this time to review the final 
document  on Biological Weapons Convention (BWC) Alternative Concepts.  We agreed 
on the document to be sent forward to Condoleezza White and Colin Powell.(see hard 
copy files).  Attending the meeting were:  Robert Joseph (WH), Avis Bohlen (State), J,D, 
Crouch (DOD), Kenneth Juster (Commerce), Claude Allen (DHHS), Tony Fauci (NIH), 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 35 ---
33
Bill Steiger (DHHS), John La Montagne (NIH), Kevin Chilton (Joint Staff), Ken Baker 
(DOE), Alan Foley (CIA), Don Mohley (State), Michael Chertoff (Justice)
September 24 – Oct.10 – Multiple meetings at White House and DHHS regarding 
response to Bioterrorism.  Anthrax cases (3 thus far) identified in Florida.  USA on 
“heightened alert”.  
Oct. 10, 2001 – Met at St Regis Hotel in Washington, D.C. with Secretary Thompson; 
Secretary of State for Health, UK Mr. Alan Milburn; Minister of Health of Canada, Mr. 
Allan Rock; Secretary of Health of Mexico, Julio Frenk to discuss international 
collaborations in Public Health related particularly to the response to bioterrorism.  
Claude Allen and Tommy Thompson appoint me chair of a committee to advice on 
technical matters related to smallpox vaccine manufacture, testing and application.
October 8-21, 2001 – Historic, breaking news every day.  New York City, Washington, 
D.C., Florida are targets of mail-related anthrax cases.  As of Oct. 21 there have been 9 
cases of anthrax – 1 death from inhalation, 2 serious inhalation anthrx and 6 cutaneous 
anthrax with about 40 documented “exposures:.  Check news clips for accuracy.  
Secretary Thompson appointed me Chair of the Vaccine Technology Team to determine 
the scientific and technical feasibility of upscaling the production of smallpox vaccine – 
see Memo of October 17 (Wednesday) from ASF to Claude Alan (Deputy Secretary, 
DHHS).  
Within this period of time there has been major inconsistencies regarding the 
“grade” of the anthrax involved in the above exposures.  I have spoken with USAMRIID 
current and former scientists, particularly Co. Peter Jahrling.  He has examined the 
material from Sen. Daschle’s office and finds that it clearly is finely milled and what he 
would consider “weapon grade”.  He told me that it was better than any bioweapon of 
anthrax that the USA has ever made.  He believes that it was from Iraq.  To my 
amazement, Gov. Ridge (Penn) was recently appointed to the Cabinet-level post of 
Director of the Office of Homeland Security and he went on television stating that he was 
told by scientists (likely CD and/or Army people that this was “garden-variety” anthrax; 
that is was sensitive to all antibiotics and that it was definitely not weapon grade.  I was 
floored.  I called back Peter Jahrling and he said that he looked at under low power and it 
looked like a clump, which would suggest that is was crude and not weapon grade.  
However, when he looked under electron microscope he saw pure spores that were finely 
milled.  He hydrated the system and the spores became totally suspended and remained 
so which is the definition of weaponized.  Clearly, someone is intentionally not telling 
Gov. Ridge the truth or he is masking the truth.  The obvious potential reason is that the 
USA does not want to deal right now with the obvious conclusion that the material came 
from Iraq.  I have been trying to cry the warning.  I mentioned this to Terrell Halaska 
(Deputy Chief of Staff to Tommy Thompson) as well as to Stuart Simonson of 
OGC/OS/DHHS.  I also hinted to Tim Russert, Sen Lieberman and Sen John McCain 
who were my co-guests on “Meet the Press” on Sunday, Oct. 21, 2001.
I believe that there will be hell to pay when the American public realizes that they 
have not been dealt with in a totally open manner.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 36 ---
34
Oct. 8 - 17, 2001 – Thompson asks me to chair a “Vaccine Technology Team” to provide 
scientific and technical feasibility with pros, cons, and recommendations on how to 
expand the existing smallpox vaccine stores and develop new, additional stores.  See my 
Oct. 17 memo to Thompson.
Oct. 21 – 22, 2001 – More cases of inhalation anthrax, most recently in a DC Postal 
worker who did not touch the Daschle letter, but who was only in the central Post Office 
Building where the letter was initially sorted.  I am convinced that this is very high grade 
material.  I in good conscience cannot refrain from bringing this to the attention of DHHS 
forcefully.  I spoke to Stu Simonson (Oct. 21) and told him that he must tell Secretary 
Thompson of my concerns.  I also mentioned this to Frank Sesno (CNN) who has called 
me at home because of the concern that there may have been an exposure at CNN since 
they have contracted a private environmental firm to monitor their offices.  They received 
a tentative positive ID for anthrax in the environment and called me.  I told Frank that he 
must report this to the CDC and gave him the appropriate number.  He did so and is now 
working with the CDC.  On Oct. 22 at a CNN morning appearance, I saw Frank Sesno 
again and he wanted to pursue our conversation.  I strongly urged him to explicitly ask 
Gov. Ridge just from whom he is getting information that this is not weaponized 
material.  I believe that it is of weapons grade given my conversations with Peter Jahrling 
at USAMRIID.
Also, I received a phone call from Sen. Bill Frist who was in NYC.  We had both 
been on the Diane Rehm Show this AM and he called to ask advice on how to get the 
correct message out.  I also implored Sen. Frist to look into the weaponizing situation in 
the same manner that I did with Frank Sesno.  Hopefully this will get straightened out 
before all credibility is lost.
See New York Times article of October 22, 2001 by Judith Miiler and Sheryl 
Stolberg.
Oct. 23, 2001 – Major problem in that DC Postal workers are enraged that they were not 
given CIPRO.  They feel that there was not enough care in surveying their Brentwood 
mail facility.  See news accounts around this time.  I directly and forcefully told Sec. 
Thompson that Gov. Ridge had either been mislead or was misleading the American 
people (which I doubt) regarding the quality of the anthrax spores that had been obtained 
from the Daschle letter (see above).  I strongly suggested to him that he meet with the 
President and with Gov Ridge to emphasize that we cannot serve the public well with 
regard to the Public Health if we are not given correct information.  Someone at that 
meeting leaked this to the NY Times and Sheryl Stolberg called me and heard that I had 
“angrily confronted the FBI for withholding information”.  I refused to comment; 
however, off the record I mentioned that the FBI was not in the room at that meeting and 
that I was trying to get Sec. Thompson to demand the truth.
Oct. 24, 2001 – Called to emergency meeting at DHHS.  Thompson in a very concerned 
state of mind; asked for my help and counsel.  We now have reliable intelligence that the 
USA will be hit with a major bioterrorism attack within the next several days (from 
present to Oct. 31).  He appointed me in charge of all vaccines.  It was clear that the CDC 
was not responding adequately.  I was amazed at the disconnect between that CDC and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 37 ---
35
DHHS and the lack of responsiveness of the CDC to the Secretary.  I have lost 
confidence in their capability of responding to any bioterrorism attack, much less a major 
one that is being predicted.  Thompson wants to move all responsibilities away from 
CDC and put them in DHHS office with me in charge of vaccines.  I encourage him not 
to dismantle the CDC, but to try and fix it.  If Jeff Koplan does not cooperate, then fire 
him.  I will prepare a vaccine report for anthrax similar to the one that I prepared for 
smallpox (see above).
Oct. 25, 2001 – The Miller/Stolberg article appears in the NY Times.  I come out looking 
good.  All stories break that the Daschle letter anthrax is of the highest grade and almost 
certainly was made by and/or stolen from a country and not made in someone’s 
backroom lab.
Oct. 25-28, 2001 – More cases of inhalation anthrax (5 in Washington, D.C. among 
postal workers.).  Media frenzy.  I appear on every major network show including Meet 
the Press on Oct. 21 and This Week with Sam Donaldson and Cokie Roberts on Oct. 28.  
Several newpaper editorials in L.A. Times, NY Times and Washington Post (Charles 
Krauthammer) calling for me to be put in charge of the Bioterrorism effort and response.
Major concern is still the clash of the CDC style of doing things without letting 
DHHS or anyone else know about it and then having mixed messages get out with the 
style of Tommy Thompson who reverts to the Governor of Wisconsin mode which is to 
trust a small group of inner circle people and run things from his office.  I have become 
one of these inner circle people.  However, I am very concerned that this clash of styles 
between the CDC and DHHS is very destructive.  I am working with Stewart Simonson 
(Thompson’s confidante) and Mike Osterholm to try to get the CDC and the rest of the 
DHHS to work in harmony so that we can be effective and so that we do not look like a 
bunch of disorganized incompetents to the rest of the world.  It is very frustrating for me.
Oct 29, 2001 – More calls by the Press and others  for me to be by Gov. Ridge’s side for 
White House Press briefings.  Received call from White House that Ridge wants me at 
the press conference at WH tomorrow.  First case in New Jersey of cutaneous anthrax in 
woman who had no direct connection with postal service.  Possibility of contaminated 
letter from Hamilton Township post office going to her home or place of employment.  
Also, first case in NYC of woman (61 yo) (Kathy Nguyen) who has unexplained 
inhalation anthrax, also with no connection to mail system.  The plot is thickening!
Oct. 30, 2001 – Give press conference at White House.  After conference, met at the 
office of the Nuclear Threat Initiative with former members of the USA Army 
bioterrorist team and others.  Frank and frightening discussion about the nature of the 
material (anthrax) that was used in the Daschle letter.  For some reason, the CIA and the 
FBI are not making public (probably for forensic reasons in tracking the perpetrators) the 
true nature of the threat.  In short, this material is of the highest grade even better than our 
bioterrorist experts have made.  They feel that only a highly skilled person could do this.  
That person could get material in small quantities and do the work here.  If the person has 
large amounts, he would have to have special facilities or would have to have gotten it 
from a rogue state or covertly from USA .  People at the meeting were:  Richard Spertzel, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 38 ---
36
Stewart Simonson, Michael Osterholm, Margaret Hamburg, C.J. Peters, William Patrick, 
James LeDuc, Phil Russell, Les Caudell, Co. Edward Eitzen.
Oct. 31, 2001 – NYC “outlier” women dies of inhalation anthrax.  Still no connection 
with postal cases.  Could this be an outlier of the existing paradigm or the sentinel case of 
an entirely new paradigm?  Did major media today with The Today Show with Katie 
Couric, Grand Rounds at NIH covered by all networks, CBS Evening News, Jim Lehr 
Newshour, etc.
Nov. 1, 2001 – Had extraordinary briefing of Democratic Senate Caucus on bioterrorism.  
Present among others were Sens. Lieberman, Daschle, Boxer, Mikulski, Cleland, 
Hollings, Wellstone, Jeffords, Biden, Wydan, Levin, etc.  In all there were about 30 
senators.  They were extraordinarily complimentary to me for my public leadership on 
bioterrorism, calling me an “American hero”, a national treasure, etc.  I thoroughly 
briefed them.  They felt strongly that I should lead the nation’s efforts. I politely 
suggested that I prefer my present job.
Nov. 2, 2001 – Important Senate Hearing of the Labor, HHS Subcommittee chaired by 
Tom Harkin.  Also present were Sens. Spector, Byrd, and Stevens.  Hearing on smallpox.  
I was able to communicate to Specter that NIAID was not allowed to put in a request in 
the $1.6 billion supplement of DHHS for bioterrorism.  In other words we needed $153.7 
million additional to the PB, but we were not allowed to submit for the supplement by 
OMB.  I “busted” the budget by telling Specter after the Hearing what we needed.  He 
promised to put it into our appropriation.
Nov. 3, 2001 – There was a spoof on me and Attorney General Aschroft on “Saturday 
Night Live”.  No new cases of anthrax.  Kathy Nguyen case in NYC still a mystery.
Nov. 4, 2001 – I appear on “Face the Nation” with Sen. Ted Kennedy and others; also on 
CSPAN’s Washington Journal and CNN Special.  No new issues.
Nov. 5-12, 2001 – relatively quiet re: bioterrorism.  No new cases.
Nov. 13, 2001 – Went to an extraordinary dinner at the home of the Saudi Ambassador to 
the USA (Prince Bandar bin Sultan bin Abdul Aziz) Sat at table with his wife Princess 
Haifa Al Faisal (Late King Faisal’s daughter).  Also at the table was CIA Director George 
Tenet and Sen. Ted Stevens.  Dinner in honor of Nelson Mandela.   The Princess 
specifically mentioned me as a very honored guest when she introduced the program.  
Nov. 13- Dec.1, 2001 – New anthrax case in Connecticut of 94 y.o Ottilie Lundgren.  At 
first no connection with spores in mail  However, careful detective work has indicated 
that this might be a tertiary mail contamination that gave inhalational anthrax, which is 
not supposed to happen.  Letter that passed through Trenton with the Leahy letter got 
contaminated and went to a post office in CT.  Lundgren may have gotten a letter that 
was next to the secondary contaminated letter.  Check news stories for details.  I appeared 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 39 ---
37
in virtually every newspaper and TV with statements.  Washingtonian Magazine choses 
me as one of Washington’s “Best and Brightest” – Dec, 2001 issue.
Secretary Thompson told me that over the past week and ½ he has spoken to Pres. Bush  
about appointing me Director, NIH.  Apparently, there is some resistance by Sen. 
Brownback who is a born-again Christian and right winger.  He is pushing Bob Redfield 
and other strict conservatives.  Apparently, he believes that I am too liberal because of 
my association with gays in the AIDS work and because of my statements about the 
scientific need for embryonic stem cell research.  Thompson re-iterates my conditions for 
taking the job.  Science advisor Jack Marburger is against my doing dual job.
On Nov. 27 and 29 I appeared before 2 Senate committees.  On Nov. 29, I testified that 
we needed $200 Million (professional judgment) more than the PB. Jeff Koplan (CDC 
Director) testified with me that CDC needed an additional $2 Billion for bioterrorism 
research.  We both made big NY Times and Washington Post coverage.  My picture in 
NY Times on Nov. 30.
Weekend of Dec. 1 & 2 – Thompson asked me to prepare talking points for him in his 
visit to the Pres. To argue against reneging on the promise to give NIH $4 Billion in 
FY2003 to complete the doubling trajectory.
Dec. 4, 2001 -   Probably one of the most significant days for NIH and me regarding the 
budget of the institution.  Word was that the “pass back” for NIH would be $0.5 billion, 
which would be devastating for NIH (no new initiatives and $275 shortfall on Type 5s). I 
entered into intensive negiations with Tommy Thompson over a 2-3 hour period in his 
office during which time he frequently called the White House discussing our 
negotiations.  The bottom line is that Tommy and the President wanted to give the NIH a 
pass back that I would be able to publicly defend to the constituents, the Press, and the 
Congress.  I laid down some strict conditions of this support.  It was $2.0 billion for NIH 
excluding bioterrorism.  I calculated that it would take $1.3 billion to reach current 
services, $200 million for maintenance of campus (including security).  This would leave 
about $500 for new initiatives. On top of that I needed 1.0 billion for bioterrorism.  They 
wanted to know my opinion of whether the constituents would accept this “almost” 
meeting the doubling trajectory.  I told Tommy to tell the President that I would 
definitely defend this pass back since it actually was a great deal given the constraints on 
budget due to the demands of the war and the bioterrorism (BT) defense.  I gave him my 
word that I would support him and the President.
Tommy also informed me that a few people in OMB were very pissed off at me 
because I testified at the 2 Senate Hearings (especially the Specter Appropriations 
Hearing) that we needed $200 million more in FY2002 for BT.  He also re-affirmed that 
Sen. Brownback was not in favor of my nomination for NIH Director because he felt that 
I was too liberal and he wanted his candidate who is Bob Redfield, a born-again 
Christian.  Tommy said that the President wanted me , but was getting pressure from the 
far right.  I am perfectly comfortable with this situation.  I am what I am.  Take me or 
leave me.  I am happy with what I am doing now.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 40 ---
38
 Dec. 7, 2001 -  Negotiated with Ed Sontag (Asst Secr. For Management at DHHS) 
regarding restructuring and consolidation of the NIH from an administrative standpoint, 
i.e. Budget, HR, Legislation, Procurement, Public Affairs, Grants Management, IT, etc.  I 
had an agreement with Tommy Thompson that Budget should be sacrosanct and should 
stay in the ICDs as opposed to consolidating at the level of NIH.  Ruth Kirschstein 
(Acting Director, NIH) almost gave away the farm in the negotiations.  I stepped in and 
took over the meeting for NIH.  Ruth was about to agree to give up 850 FTEs.  I insisted 
that we could not cut down by any more than 200.  Sontag came down to 275; we agreed 
upon 250.  Also, Sontag was concerned that the new Clinical Research Center was 
projected to be $142 million over.  Ed asked how we were going to handle it and Ruth 
said that this did not happen on her watch and that it was someone else’s fault at NIH and 
she would see that this person (Steve Ficca) would be held responsible (?fired).  She gave 
no indication how she would handle the real problem except to say that she would take it 
out of the IRP.  I insisted that we would need major flexibility from the Department 
regarding how we could make up this money and that we could not hurt the IRP so 
abruptly and severely.  Sontag agreed to help.  Poor Ruth is in way over her head.  I will 
have to make some difficult decisions if I become NIH Director about keeping her on as 
Deputy.  I may need to appoint another Deputy and have her keep her title, but not her 
responsibilities.
Dec. 8, 2001 – Thompson tried to call me at home last night (Friday), but I was out.  He 
called me on Saturday in my office and told me that President Bush has agreed to appoint 
me NIH Director.  Thompson wants me to speak with Sen. Brownback to try and 
alleviate his concerns about my position on stem cells, embryos, etc.  I will set up to meet 
him next week.  Thompson wants to make announcement before Christmas.
Dec. 12, 2001 – Met with Sen. Brownback and his aide Rob Wassinger.  Brownback was 
concerned about statements that I made 13 years ago! Concerning the then new SCID 
mouse that could be reconstituted with fetal tissue to regenerate a human immune system 
in a mouse.  I stated at an ACT-UP meeting in NYC that this was a promising area of 
research and that it would require the use of fetal tissue.  At the time there was the 
beginning of a moratorium by President Reagan and later Bush on the use of fetal tissue 
for transplantation into humans.  I apparently (reported in the press) urged the ACT-UP 
people to make their concerns known so that this could be taken into consideration by the 
administration and lawmakers.  Brownback and Wassinger said that several “right-to-
lifers” had called them very concerned that I was being considered for NIH Director 
when I had been a vocal advocate for the use of fetal tissue.  
I had a lengthy (1 ½ hour) discussion with Sen. Brownback about embryonic stem 
cells, fetal tissue, etc.  I believe that the conversation went as well as could be expected.  
He was very cordial, but concerned about “how I would advise the President if I were 
NIH Director”.  I told him that I do not advise the President on Ethical or Moral issues 
since I trust that the President has his own strong moral compass.  I mentioned that I am a 
scientists and that I merely give him accurate scientific facts and he can make up his own 
mind within the framework of his own values.  I think that Brownback respected that 
answer.  We left with his still being concerned about me, but I do not think that he will 
try to block me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 41 ---
39
Dec. 14, 2001 – Spoke with Rick Klausner about his perception about NIH Director.  
Rick feels that the WH is not leveling with Thompson since he has heard that they think 
that doing both jobs (NIH and NIAID) is a “non-starter” and they are against it.  There is 
a disconnect here since Thompson feels that they (WH) will accept this, and he merely 
needs to get the Brownback issue out of the way.  Something is strange here since 
Thompson is talking about getting the President to announce me before Christmas and 
Rick says the “rest of the WH” is against this.  Stay tuned.
Dec.15, 2001 – Sat. meeting at NAS regarding recommendations of giving anthrax 
vaccine to people who were exposed to anthrax and who are just finishing their 60 course 
of antibiotics.  I, Jeff Koplan, D.A. Henderson, and Kathy Zoon (FDA) playing major 
role of setting policy and advising the Secretary.
Dec. 16-19, 2001 – Much controversy and last minute scrambling in getting the consent 
form and the protocol out for the discretionary use of anthrax vaccine in exposed people 
who had been receiving antibiotics, but who are coming off their 60 day course.  The 
CDC is really relinquishing their responsibility of doing a good job with the informed 
consent. They handed us a piece of junk as a draft.  Stewart Simonson (Counsel to Secr. 
Thompson) has asked me to help get it right.  I had been working all day and into the 
night on Dec.16-19 revising the consent forms and helping people get straight why 
DHHS is offering the vaccine to people.  The Press are very suspicious and as usual 
critical of the Administration.  I have exhaustively reviewed the data (with Cliff Lane as a 
great help) and come to the conclusion that vaccine + antibiotics is no better than 
antibiotics alone for post-exposure.  Yet, Dr. John Eisold (the Navy physician who takes 
care of Capitol Hill people) is insisting that the Senate staffers also get the vaccine.  We 
are in a dilemma.  It is true that there is a “theoretical” reason to make the vaccine 
available in that animal studies show persistence of spores weeks after antibiotics and 
there is a fear that after antibiotics are discontinued the disease will occur.  I would not 
take antibiotics.  However, Eisold and the Senate Staffers are demanding that they get the 
anthrax vaccine.  In fact, I received a phone call from Ms. Laura Petrou from Senator 
Daschle’s staff on Dec. 19, 2001 enraged that we were taking so long in getting the 
vaccine to the staffers.  Apparently, D.A. Henderson and Tommy Thompson had told 
Daschle that the vaccine would be available 2 days ago.  They were insistent. The blacks 
in the postal service are quite skeptical.  I have insisted that if I am going to help we must 
not “recommend” the vaccine since the data in animals show that it is not better than 
antibiotics alone. The difficult situation is that politically we essentially have to give it to 
the Senate staffers since they are demanding it.  If we give it to them and do not offer it to 
the postal workers, we will be accused of racism and not treating the postal workers 
equally. Remember that they were outraged that the Senate staffers got antibiotics right 
away and the postal workers only got antibiotics after 2 people at Brentwood died.  
Therefore, we are offering, but not recommending the vaccine for any of the 9000 people 
who were put on 60 antibiotic course.  We are not explicitly telling the public that this is 
really the rationale for what is going on. There is some confusion as to why we are not 
recommending it and if we are not recommending it, why are we even offering it.  I have 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 42 ---
40
tried to articulate this to the public as I did on a Dec. 19 appearance on Jim Lehr’s News 
Hour.
Dec. 19-24, 2001 – As expected, publicity went bad for HHS on the anthrax vaccine 
story.  Washington Post writer Ceci Connelly keeps blasting HHS and particularly 
Tommy Thompson and the CDC for lack of clear guidelines.  The mostly black postal 
workers for the most part refuse the vaccine, saying that they do not trust the government 
and do not want to be “guinea pigs”.  They completely miss the point that no one really is 
telling them that they should take the vaccine.  In contrast, the staffers from Daschle’s 
office have a high % of people who are taking the vaccine.
Dec. 27, 2001 – Receive a letter from Sen Brownback dated Dec. 19, 2001 in which he 
states that he is “deeply concerned by your inability to define the entity created after the 
successful procedure referred to by some as human somatic cell nuclear transfer 
(SCNT)…”  He wants me to respond.  I do not want to put anything in writing and so I 
call his office and ask to speak with the Senator.  His unbelievably right wing staffer, Rob 
Wassinger, answers and says that they will not put the call through to the Senator and that 
I should answer the questions in writing.  Clearly, they are trying to trap me and clearly 
Wassinger is an asshole.
Jan. 6 – 22, 2001 – Clearly, it is unclear what is going on with the White House and my 
nomination. Secretary Thompson keeps pushing the President to appoint me and the 
President defers to Clay Johnson, Director of White House Personnel, who has actually 
never interviewed me.  I get word indirectly from Scott Whitaker, Bob Charrow and 
others that there really is a political battle going on in the WH with a strong anti-
Thompson faction led by Clay Johnson who does not want to appoint me because he 
wants to put down Thompson who is pushing me.  On the other hand, there are those who 
clearly want me, but are less aggressive in pushing any agenda since they are assuming 
that I will get appointed.  It is unclear what role Sen Brownback is playing in influencing 
Clay Johnson.  I hear from Rick Klausner that the issue is just that they are reluctant for 
me to do two jobs simultaneously.  I doubt this and believe that there is something else 
going on.
Jan.22, 2001 – Finally, I get called to the West Wing of the WH to meet with Clay 
Johnson and Ed Moy (Johnson’s deputy) to discuss the job.  Johnson was cold and 
abrupt.  He said that the President was getting confused messages about my “conditions” 
for the job and the POTUS had asked Johnson to clarify things.  Johnson coldly and 
abruptly asked how I can do 2 jobs simultaneously.  I explained about the extraordinary 
overlap in what the NIH Director must know and do with what the Institute Directors 
must know and do and tell him that I feel that I will have no problem doing this.  He 
clearly was not convinced.  Then he wanted to know why I wanted 2 full salaries, i.e. the 
NIH Director’s salary and the NIAID Director’s salary.  I explained that this was not the 
case, and that I merely did not want to lose money by relinquishing my retention bonus 
that I could not take as NIH Director as well as several outside activities that I could not 
do as NIH Director.  He acted (coldly) like he understood that.  As soon as I answered 
these 2 questions, he abruptly said: “Well, you answered my questions and told me what I 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 43 ---
41
need to know.  Thanks a lot and have a nice day”, whereupon he ended the meeting.  
Never did he even approach asking what my vision for the NIH was or other related 
substantive questions.  Clearly he had made up his mind before the meeting and was only 
meeting because the President had asked him to.  
Jan 24, 2001 – Tommy Thompson calls me at home at 9:30 PM (he was sequestered in 
“the bunker” for security reasons) and tells me that he spoke with Clay Johnson today 
and Johnson told him that he was going to recommend someone else and not me to the 
President.  Thompson was clearly very angry and sad.  I am more convinced now that this 
is a Clay Johnson agenda working here.
Jan. 26, 2001 – I go to the Annual Alphalfa Dinner at the Capitol Hilton as a Guest of 
Robert Wood (“Woody”) Johnson IV.. Amazing scene!  Virtually every important 
government official (the entire Cabinet, military leaders, etc) was there.  At the reception, 
I met Barbara Bush who was very warm with a hug and kiss and told me that she is 
“pulling for me”.  I did not pursue this since this is not my style.  I then met former 
President Bush who was his usual wonderful self with me, hugging me and telling guests 
who were standing around that I had won the 1988 election for him when he told the 
world that I was his hero.  I mentioned that we had just received the President’s Budget 
for FY2003 this week and that the President has fulfilled the promise to double the NIH 
budget and had given NIAID and additional $1.5 billion for bioterrorism research.  I told 
Bush that this was similar to what he, himself, had done with me in the 1980s when he 
increased my AIDS budget, but that this was on a much larger scale.  I told him how 
much I appreciated this. He told me to make sure that I tell the POTUS this.
I also saw Tommy Thompson at the dinner and walked into the ballroom with 
him.  He seemed very sad and troubled.  He again said that he was going to see the 
POTUS next week and will tell him that I am not only the best person, but the “only” 
person for the NIH Director’s job, regardless of what Clay Johnson will tell him.
At the dinner Woody Johnson brought me over to the head table to say hello to 
the POTUS.  Bush greeted me warmly (he clearly knew who I was).  I thanked him for 
the BT money and he asked about our efforts; I briefly told him.  He then surprised me by 
asking whether I had seen Clay Johnson yet, and so he knows that the meeting was set 
up.  I told him that I did see him a couple of days ago.  The POTUS said “Good, I will 
touch bases with Clay next week”.  Later on I met Laura Bush and she too complimented 
me on my work and we had a very nice conversation.  In none of these encounters did I 
mentioned the NIH Director’s job.  My feeling at this time is confirmed that the President 
really does not know the situation except that he has heard a lot about me, but this is 
confounded by the fact that it is clear that Clay Johnson does not want me.  Is it really 
because he is against 2 jobs, or is there some hidden agenda.  I feel strongly that it is the 
latter.  We shall see….maybe.
Feb. 4, 2002 – An editorial in the Washington Post calls for President Bush to 
appointment me as the NIH Director.
Feb. 5, 2002 – Spectacular day!  I traveled on Air Force One with President Bush to 
Pittsburgh to spin his FY2003 budget on Bioterrorism and to visit scientists at Univ. of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 44 ---
42
Pittsburgh who are working on a novel early warning system for BT.  I met the group at 
Andrews Air Force Base and flew up at 11:00 AM.  Did not see the President on the 
flight up; however, spent considerable time with him in Pittsburgh.  The motorcade trip to 
and from the Pittsburgh airport was exciting.  I was in a van about 4 cars behind the 
President and the motorcade was heavy with Secret Service and Police.  The President 
was extremely complimentary to me during the visit as he spoke to other people about me 
in front of me.  He specifically thanked me for my great work in his speech that was 
covered by CNN.  During the flight back to DC he called me to his state room and spent 
the entire flight back speaking with me!!!  In the room were Gov. Ridge, Secretary 
Thompson, and D.A. Henderson.  Thompson mentioned to me in Pittsburgh that they 
spent much of the trip going up to Pittsburgh talking about me and the work that I have 
been doing.  Tommy is pushing hard with the President to appoint me.
Feb. 8, 2002 – Sheryl Stolberg suggests in the New York Times that Bush should appoint 
me.  She mentions that the sticking point is my requirement to do both jobs.
Feb. 15, 2002 – Laura Meckler wrote a piece for AP on the right wing Family Research 
Council opposing my nomination for NIH Director based on my philosophy on fetal 
tissue and stem cells.  They refer to my comments in 1988 about the utility of the SCIDhu 
mouse model.
Feb. 23, 2002 – Article in New York Times by Sheryl Gay Stolberg telling the story as it 
happened saying that I am no longer a candidate for NIH Director’s job. She states that 
the White House says that the reason is the objection to the 2 jobs, while the social 
conservatives say that my views on abortion and stem cells make me unacceptable to 
them.  Also, mentions the Sen. Brownback story.  Key article since it is factually correct.
Mar. 5, 2002 – Secretary Thompson called me today and said that he was very upset, but 
I will not be asked to be NIH Director.  He said that he was being forced by the White 
House to submit Dr. Elias Zerhouni’s name and that he was not happy at all about this.  
He stated that as far as he was concerned, I was his number one person at the NIH and he 
was looking forward to working with me in the future.
Mar. 9, 2002 – Attended Gridiron Club dinner in Washington, D.C.  Spent time speaking 
with President Bush, Karl Rove, Clay Johnson, Donna Shalala, Tim Russert, Sam 
Donaldson, John Neroponte, Cokie Roberts, etc.  The topic was often concern and 
dismay on the part of people (non-White House) that Bush was not going to offer me the 
NIH job.  Most felt that it really was the litmus test issue and not the 2 jobs issue.  Clay 
Johnson, who I believe is behind all of this, actually volunteered to me that ”Dr. Zerhouni 
is no Tony Fauci, but then again, there really is only 1 Tony Fauci”.  It is tough for me to 
figure out just how much the Social Conservative/Sen. Sam Borwnback issue played in 
Clay Johnson’s insistence to the president that I not be NIH Director.
Mar. 26, 2002 – I went to White House ceremony where Pres. Bush announced Elias 
Zerhouni as nominee for NIH Director.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 45 ---
43
Mar. 27, 2002 – Went to NYC for Press Conference for the announcement of my 
receiving the Albany Medical Center Prize in Medicine, which is the largest prize in 
Medicine in America and the second largest in the world to the Nobel Prize.  Amount = 
$500,000.00. 
Mar. 28, 2002 – Big press conference at DHHS for the announcement of the publication 
in NEJM of the dilution studies for smallpox vaccine.  Also, in same issue of NEJM was 
my editorial calling for an open dialogue as to whether there should be pre-emptive 
vaccination of ”first responders” or even of the enitre population on a voluntary basis.  
D.A. Henderson is not particularly happy about my editorial since he continually has 
trouble admitting that a smallpox attack is a danger.  Clearly this is related to the fact that 
he has devoted much of his professional life to trying to eliminate smallpox.
Mar. 31 – April 6, 2002 – Went on a terrific trip to Africa with Sec. Thompson and a 
delegation listed below.  We visited Mozambique, South Africa, Botswana, and Cote 
D’Ivoire.  The trip was designated a Presidential Mission and so we received the royal 
treatment.  Flew over on an Air Force jet and were received at each country with Secret 
Service protection and local military and police escourts via motorcades etc.  Visited 
CDC and NIH funded facilities.  Met with President Joaquim Chissano of Mozambique.  
Long conversation with South African Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang 
regarding reluctance of South African government to provide nevirapine to prevent 
mother to child transmission (MTCT). I disagree with her stance, but respect the difficult 
situation that she is in.  She is driven by a need to decide things for herself since she was 
one of the original ANC members who were in exile during apartheid and she does not 
trust anyone but her own people. She, however, told me that President Tabo Mbeki 
respected me greatly and frequently speaks highly of me,  During the Stay in South 
Africa the Supreme Court of SA ruled that the government must supply nevirapine to 
pregnant infected mothers and their newborns according to ACTG protocol 012.  Met 
with President Festus Mogae of Botswana.  He too had heard about me. Met with Prime 
Minister of Cote D’Ivoire.  Representative people on the trip that I developed good 
friendships with in addition to Sec. Thompson and his staff of Bill Steiger, Terrell 
Halaska, Dave Boyer, Corina Gardner, Matt Bluhm and others were: Former 
Congressmen Ronald Dellums and Ray McGrath, Scott Evertz of the White House, 
Congresswomen Barbara Lee (D-CA) and EB Johnson (D-TX), Michael Miller of NSC, 
Anne Peterson of USAID, Bill Roper and others.
April 25-30, 2002 – During the trip to South Africa, I spent about 1 ½ hours at dinner 
trying to convince her to help President Mbeki change his stance on treatment of HIV-
infected people including pregnant women (see above).  Of note, just this week the South 
African government has made a major change in their stance.  They now allow treatment 
for rape victims and soon will start treating infected pregnant women.  It is entirely 
conceivable that my discussions played some role in this turnaround.
May 23, 2002 – For the past 2 weeks, Mark Dybul, Terrell Halaska and I have been 
working on a proposal for prevention of mother-to-child-transmission (MCTC) in 
developing nations to present to president Bush who wants to use this as an 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 46 ---
44
announcement of a major initiative at the G-8 Conference this summer in Ottawa.  Terrell 
asked me to put it together for her and I enlisted Mark Dybul who did a great job with 
me.  I and Terrell had several pre-meetings at the White House Conference Center on 
Jackson Place during early May and then today Mark, Terrell and I met with Gary Edson 
and Jay Lefkowitz of the WH. To present our plan to save 146,000 babies from being 
infected per year for a cost of about $100,000,000 per year. Gary and Jay loved the plan 
and will present it to the President within a couple of days. It was a great meeting and 
they were very impressed at how we organized the data and the presentation.
May 29, 2002 – I briefed President Bush in the Hamilton Room of the West Wing on the 
MCTC plan.  Present were Josh Bolton (Deputy Chief of Staff), Andrew Card (Chief of 
Staff),  Karl Rove, Mr Calio, Gary Edson, Secretary Thompson, Andrew Natsios 
(USAID), Terrell Halaska, Christen Silverberg, Jay Lefkowitz and others.  The President 
liked very much our plan, which I presented to him succinctly, but completely.  The 
background of the initiative is that Sens. Frist/Kerry are trying to get through a 
supplemental Bill on adding more money to the Global AIDS Fund.  The President is 
against this since he feels that the Fund has no plan and the money will be wasted.  This 
is the reason that he wants to seize the opportunity of the Congress throwing more money 
at us to put forth his own initiative on a concrete proposal as opposed to the vagaries of 
the Fund.  He accepted my proposal.  Interesting dynamics at the meeting in that Andrew 
Natsios was upset that this was an HHS proposal and started (quite inappropriately in 
front of the President) getting into a turf war where he pointed out that he has an MOU 
with the CDC that with regard to AIDS in Africa, USAID has the lead.  The President 
picked up on this discord and said that the only thing that he knows is that he likes 
”Tony’s plan” and that HHS and USAID should work out (with Gary Edson as referree) 
how it is going to be implemented.  He stated, however, that he wants ”a person” to be 
held accountable for the success or failure of the project.  To say the least, Sec. 
Thompson was angry with Natsios.  From my standpoint, the meeting was a great success 
since our plan was accepted by the President and he was extremely friendly to me.
June 6, 2002 – I found out at National Airport that President Bush was establishing a 
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) that would encompass 160,000 employees with 
a budget of >$30 billion by consolidating all activities related to terrorism, including 
bioterrorism in one Department.  This would mean that $1.748 billion of NIAID money 
for FY 2003 would go to DHS.
June 6 – 12, 2002 – Spending a lot of time working with the DHHS and th White House 
in trying to hash out the details of legislation that would create the DHS.  Everyone 
seems to agree that the research would still be done at NIAID under my direction; 
however, the money likely will first go to DHS and thenn be passed through or contracted 
to me to perform the research.
Also, the President is planning to announce the MTCT program that I helped to 
put together in a few days.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 47 ---
45
June 10, 2002 – Had breakfast with Treasury Sec. Paul O’Neill this AM to discuss the 
entire concept of AIDS in Africa. We related very well and he received my advice, 
consultation very enthusiastically.
June 13, 2002 – Received a call from Richard Falkenrath at the White House who said 
that he had heard that I was concerned about the $1.748 Billion going to Department of 
Homeland Security (DHS).  We wanted to assure me that the money would come directly 
to me from DHS and the research would be directed by me.  He agreed that the research 
should be incorporated completely into the emerging diseases research agenda of NIAID 
and not fragmented out.  He said that Sen. Kennedy mentioned to the WH that I was 
concerned and they wanted to alleviate my concerns.
Interesting intrigue going on.  I just got a call from Sue Hardesty of Sen. Richard 
Durbin’s office who said that the Senator had heard from Bono (of U2 fame) that I was 
against the global AIDS fund and had convinced President Bush not to support it.  The 
Sen. wanted to know if this were true.  In addition, Sue told me that Sen. Frist had said 
that he changed his mind and decided not to support the Global AIDS Fund because he 
had heard that I was against it.  I believe that if this is true about Frist, then he is covering 
his ass since he backed down on his promise to support the extra money for the fund.  I 
know that he backed down because Bush told him to.  Now he is trying to make it look 
like I am the one against it.  It is interesting that rumors are forming that I am involved in 
convincing the Pres. that we should not invest in the Fund.  I believe that this results from 
my being involved in putting together the MTCT plan, which some feel that the Pres. 
actually wants to substitute for the increase in the Fund.  Of note, Jeff Sachs called me 
from Rome last night asking about the same issue.  Welcome to Washington!!!
June 13 – 18, 2002 – Extremely busy with putting the finishing touches on the MTCT 
proposal that the Pres. is planning to annouce soon.  I am trying and succeeding (I 
believe) in having them do it correctly, i.e. this is not a substitute for the Global Trust 
Fund, but as a comlement to it.  Have been working very hard with Terrell Halaska and 
Mark Dybul in getting the Pres. speech written and his talking points arranged for the 
announcement.
Simultaneously with this going on, I have been working with Stewart Simonson 
in trying to get the correct authorization language written for the proposed bill for the 
new Department of Homeland Security (DHS).  The WH wants me to be comfortable 
with it; however, they seem inflexible in that they clearly want the $1.748 billion of NIH 
money to go to the new DHS and they want the perogative to set the research agenda.  
Richard Falkenrath of DHS assures me that despite this, they want me to run the program 
from NIH.
June 19, 2002 – Most extraordinary day!!  The POTUS requested that I join him and 
Secs, Thompson, O’Neill, and Powell and Sen. Frist and Andrew Natsios at the Rose 
Garden Ceremony to announce the MCTC plan that Mark and I essentialy created.  I met 
with the Pres for about 10-15 minutes in the Oval Office before the announcement.  He 
was extremely gracious and complimentary.  During the announcement, he specifically 
thanked me for all that I have done with the project.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 48 ---
46
After the annoucnement, I went with Ari Fleischer and gave a press briefing in the 
WH press room on the program.
Importantly, the Pres. asked Josh Bolten to meet with me and get my feel for the 
big picture of what the Adminsitration should be doing with AIDS (domestic and global). 
Present at the meeting were me, Josh, Margaret La Montagne Spellings, Robin 
Cleveland, Jay Lefkowitz, Gary Edson, Kristen Silverberg, Allen Gilbert.  Josh asked 
whether we should do a Manhattan Project for a vaccine and not invest in international 
prevention and treatment.  He said that I should assume that money was not an issues and 
I should tell them what is ”the right thing to do”.  I gave details about the importance of 
building a sustainable (low tech) infrastructure of clinics and trained Africans.  This 
infrastructure could then be used for HIV prevention and ulitmately treatment, but could 
also be used for approaching malaria, TBC, and other important diseases.  I said that the 
USA needs to be the world leader in making international health a driving force in our 
foreign policy.  If we lead, other countries will follow.  Josh seemed genuinely moved 
and agreed with me.  He even stated that it is his feeling that years from now, this 
Administration will be judged by how it handled the International HIV/AIDS Pandemic.  
He stated that the Pres. was very sympathetic to me and what he has heard me say on 
various occasions, but there is a skepticism that money will be wasted if there is no 
accountability.  This is also fed by Paul O’Neill and Mitch Daniels.  I said that I agree 
that we should not do it unless there was strict accountability. We need to have someone 
to run the program who could ”kick ass”.  Josh and I resonated very well.  I believe that 
the WH will be calling upon me soon to help with such a strategic plan.  In fact, I am 
going to proceed to put one together and present to them pre-emptively.
It was a great day!!!  I may have accomplished more for global health on this day 
than on many, many others put together.
July 7-12, 2002 – XIVth International AIDS conference in Barcelona. – Very important 
conference.  The science was completely overshadowed by the policy, which in turn was 
dominated by the discussion of the incredible numbers and projections for the developing 
world.  Latest figures are that approximately 40 million additional infections will occur 
worldwide by 2010 and up to 70 million dealths will occur by 2020 if serious 
intervention (prevention and therapy) are not implemented.
I gave a highly scientific talk and used it to come to the conclusion that we must 
implement treatment and prevention for the North and the South.  Please see records on 
my speeches for the full text of the talk.  It was a Plenary Lecture on July 10.  I spent 
much time with Secretary Thompson and his team (Terrell Halaska, Tony Jewell, Bill 
Steiger et al).  There was an aggressive demonstration against Secretary Thompson 
during his address on Tuesday, July 9.  I was with him and predicted to him exactly what 
would happen.  I had heard from Gregg Gonsalves that ACTUP would demonstrate for 
awhile and then allow him to speak provided that he would meet with them afterwards.  
He agreed to meet, but they shouted him down and although (as per my suggestion) he 
calmly finished his speech, the audience could not hear what he said.  This was unlike 
Secretary Sullivan in San Francisco when the TV and microphones allowed audiences 
(TV and present ) to at least here what he said. I helped Secretary Thompson with the 
Press (backstage)immediately after the shout-down.  There was an issue that I handled.  
During the conference 2 days before the demonstration, at a Press Briefing during which 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 49 ---
47
I sat next to the President, the Press asked about needle exchange.  Tommy G. Thompson 
(TGT) was not briefed on this issue and I told him briefly that we (Fauci, Jeff Koplan of 
CDC, David Satcher – Surgeon General, Alan Leschner – Director NIDA and others) had 
recommended to Donna Shalala upon review of the scientific data that the Clinton Adm. 
allow Federal funding of needle exchange.  However, based on objections of Gen. 
McAffrie (Drug Czar) and certain Black leaders, Clinton would not allow it. (Of note 
Clinton was at the AIDS Conference in Barcelona and publicly stated that he regretted 
that decision and wished that he had allowed needle exchange).  In essence, I told TGT 
that Clinton did not allow it and we (current administration) are not allowing it.  This 
created a bit of a stir in the press since when asked at the press event (backstage) after the 
demonstration, he seemed confused about the dichotomy between scientific data and 
policy.  I had to come in and explain the issue.  I made it very clear that based on the 
scientific data, I had recommended that Clinton allow exchange.  TGT said that he would 
ask Dr. Fauci to go over the data again, which the Press did not buy since they know the 
data are absolutely conclusive.  It was a little awkward for TGT, but he is going to have 
to face the issue that the Bush Adminstration will likely do (and is doing) exactly what 
the Clinton Administration did and follow a policy that contradicts the scientific data.
An important event at the meeting was a meeting that I arranged in my hotel (Fira 
de Palace) among myself, Mark Dybul, Cissy (?last name) and Peter Mugyenyi from 
Uganda.  Peter is the Director of the Joint Clinical Research Center (JCRC) in Kampala.  
He is successfully treating many Ugandans with antiretroviral therapy (ART).  We (Mark 
and I) want to use his model to try to implement the plan that Josh Bolten asked me about 
(see above and below).  Peter showed us his plan of a main center with regional satelites 
and subgroups out of the satelites.  These are low-tech clinics and each cost about 
$30,000.00 which is much less that the proposals that we have heard.  I was very 
impressed with this and plan to use this as a model to put together a program to present to 
the WH (see below)
It was a great meeting for me in that I became even closer (if that is possible) to 
TGT.  He implicitly and explicitly trusts me and my opinion.  I appeared on the Aaron 
Brown Show on CNN during the conference and this went extremely well.
July 14, 2002 – C-SPAN’s Washington Journal – I appeared for 45 minutes on the show 
the morning after returning from the AIDS conference.  I had spent July 7-10 at the 
conference and July 11-12 in Genoa as Chair of the International Scientific Committee 
that is reviewing the Gaslini Institute for Lorenzo Moretta (its Scientific Director)
July 16, 2002 – Diane Rehm Show – Spent a terrific 1 hour alone on the show with 
Diane.  I went over the AIDS Conference highlights.  I explained about and defended 
Secretary Thomspon vis-a-vis the demonstration against him.  Also, I defended the 
Administration in that I related that they actually are willing to greatly support 
international AIDS efforts, but that they require developing nations and others involved 
to put forth a strategic plan with accountability, endpoints, projected deliverables, etc.  I 
received excellent reviews for the show.  I have it on tape as a reference.
July 17, 2002 – Meeting at the White House with Gary Edson and Jay Lefkowitz.  We 
discussed the details and implementation of the MTCT project.  Obviously, there will be 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 50 ---
48
difficulties with USAID.  They are resentful that DHHS is getting involved in 
international AIDS issues.  Anne Peterson was at today’s meeting.  I have no confidence 
that she or her staff are capable of successfully pulling off this program.  Mark Dybul 
alone can do better than their whole group.  Sorry for being so direct, but it is true. Of 
note is that I brought up to Gary Edson and Jay Lefkowitz the issue that I had discussed 
with Josh Bolten regarding the more Global plan of therapy, prevention for HIV and 
other diseases in a ”low-tech” manner.  I discussed my meeting with Peter Mugyenyi and 
Cissy (?last name) from Uganda (see above).  I told Jay and Gary that I believe that we 
could pull off a program based on the ”Mugyenyi model”.  He told me to put together a 
proposal in a very short time frame (before the WH leaves for August break ( i.e. <2 
weeks).  They want to determine if the POTUS could bring this initiative with him on his 
upcoming trip to Africa in January, 2003.  I will work with Mark Dybul to do this.
July 21, 2002 – Over the past few weeks important issues have evolved regarding 
Biodefense.  There is a major struggle going on in the Congress about the formation of 
the new Department of Homeland Security (DHS).  At issue (among other important 
issues) is whether the $1.748 billion that is in the President’s budget for FY2003 will be 
transferred over to the new DHS and who will actually be responsible for the strategic 
plan and prioritization for biodefense.  DHS people (Gov. Ridge and Richard Falkenrath) 
clearly state that they want the money and the responsibility, but that they will work very 
closely with me.  The Congress and all of the scientific Societies (FASEB. ASM. Etc.) 
say that they want the money and prioritization with me.  As usual, I must publicly 
defend the President’s position, but I work behind the scenes with people like Sens. 
Lieberman, Kennedy, and Frist to get language in the new authorizing Bill that will not 
transfer the money or responsibility (let us see what actually happens).
Meanwhile, VP Dick Cheney is pushing for a Manhattan Project approach to 
Biodefense. He mentioned this at his visit to CDC and told Julie Gerberding that he 
would mention this to me also.  Of note, I was quite influential in supporting Julie for the 
CDC job.  We have CIA intelligence that Iraq has smallpox and everyone in DHHS and 
the WH are scrambling to get together an immunization plan that will go well beyond 
what the ACIP is recommending (i.e. pre-emptively vaccinate only about 10,000 – 
20,000 health workers and rely on ring vaccination in the event of an attack).  Cheney is 
pushing for a much wider vaccine plan.  TGT will present our plan to Cheney within a 
few days, which recommends a staged (1,2,3) process that vaccinates about 500,000 
health workers from Oct. 02, to December 02 and then from Jan. 03 through the end of 03 
vaccinate up to 10 million responders (phsyicians, nurses, police, firefighters, EM people, 
primary care personnel).  After that and depending on the adverse event rate and the 
perception of threat, we will make vaccine available for the entire USA population on a 
voluntary basis.  One of the reasons for the push by Cheney is that he knows that Iraq has 
smallpox and he is planning to push out Sadam Hussein either by direct invasion of Iraq 
or by funding the opposition.  He is afraid that Sadam will strike Israel or even us if his 
back is against the wall.  There will be very intense discussions over the next couple of 
weeks with the WH and DHHS that involve me regarding smallpox vaccine policy.
Things are obviously very busy with my being involved simultaneously with 
Biodefense and International response to HIV/AIDS.  Both of these involve my direct 
interaction with the White House.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 51 ---
49
July 22-24, 2002  - Went to the beach (Beach Haven) to link up with family.  In the car 
on the way up and while I was there, I spent considerable time on the phone trying to 
work out with Sen. Spector’s staff (Bettylou Taylor et al) language in the Lieberman Bill 
on authorization of DHS that Spector could support.  They want to make sure that I am 
comfortable with the language.  I am trying to get language that give DHS ultimate lead 
in the overall prioritization of the research on biodefense, but the money stays in DHHS 
and the research is executed by NIH, but the development of the research agenda in done 
by DHHS in consultation with DHS.  Finally we had a conference call (I took it in the 
kitchen of the beach house) among me, the White House (Richard Falkenrath) and the 
Senate staff that are marking up the bill.  Richard and I agreed upon what I listed above.  
Hopefully, the bill will get through with that language.  It was important to have the WH 
on the phone since I was getting concerned that they might think that I was undermining 
their efforts to get the DHS going.  By hashing it out with them, we are doing it up front 
and honestly.
July 25, 2002 – Had top secret conference call with Jerry Hauer (HHS), Phil Russell 
(HHS), Stewart Simonson (HHS), and Lester Crawford (FDA).  Subject – VP Cheney has 
indicated that we will hit Iraq soon and we expect retaliation with a smallpox attack on us 
or on Israel.  Cheney wants us to greatly accelerate the process of getting vaccine 
available to vaccinate everyone if necessary.  I offered to accelerate studies to determine 
if we can dilute the Dryvax even more than 1:5 and whether we can also dilute the 77 
million doses of Aventis Pasteur  WetVax.  Stay tuned.
The House and the Senate Committees have adapted the language that I had 
suggested to Richard Falkenrath.  Therefore, at this time it appears that the money will go 
to DHHS, the overall prioritization will rest with DHS, the strategic plan and specific 
priorities will be the responsibility of DHHS in consultation with DHS and the research 
will be executed by and through the NIH.  If this holds, I will have won a big victory.
July 26, 2002 -  Got an e-mail from Gary Edson at the WH asking if I had completed the 
Global AIDS Treatment plan to present to him in order to determine if it is worth 
presenting to the President for him to announce in his upcoming (January) visit to Africa.  
Mark and I are finished and we set up a meeting at the WH for Wednesday, July 31.  Let 
us see what happens.
Had an unusual meeting at the Rayburn Building with Chairman Kolbe (R-AZ) of 
the House Foreign Relations Committee and his chief staffer Charlie Flichner. I 
accompanied Claude Allen (Deputy Secretary, DHHS). They are very upset at the White 
House, particularly Gary Edson, for having the President announce the MTCT initiative 
without first consulting with them.  They made disparaging remarks about Gary 
(”Emperor Edson”, ”President Edson”).  They were cautious about being disrespectful 
about the President; however, they were pissed.  They also disparaged Tommy Thompson 
about getting involved in International issues when this is not the purvue of DHHS.  
Actually, it is becoming the purvue of DHHS with the CDC’s GAP (Global AIDS 
Program).  This clearly was a turf issue.  They are a powerful Committee and they are 
pissed that the President made an announcement without consulting them.  Wait until 
they hear about the Global AIDS Treatment package that we are presenting to Gary 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 52 ---
50
Edson and Jay Lefkowitz on Wednesday, July 31.  I am going to have to relate to Gary 
the essence of my meeting with Kolbe and Flichner.
August 1, 2002 – Met at the White House with Gary Edson, Jay Lefkowitz, and Margaret 
La Montagne Spellings to present the Dybul/Fauci plan for comprehensive treatment and 
prevention of HIV in African countries.  This was in response to the original request by 
Josh Bolten and then the specific request by Gary Edson to put together a plan based on 
the ”Mugyenyi Model ” of Uganda (see July 17 above).  Also present at the meeting was 
Terrell Halaska, Joe O’Neill, Mark Dybul, and Allen Gilbert.  Gary, Jay and Margaret 
was extremely pleased and excited about the plan.  They mentioned that we had done a 
”fabulous” job.  They asked us to respond to about 5-6 questions in writing. Clearly they 
are going to run it by the President when he returns from his August vacation in 
Crawford, Texas.  He may well want to make this a Presidential initiative similar to the 
MTCT proposal that we had put together for him.
August 16, 2002 – Went back to White House to present the revised Global AIDS Plan 
to Gary Edson.  Also present were Terrell Halaska, Mark Dybul and Joe O’Neill, 
Director of Office of National AIDS Policy (ONAP).  Gary again liked the revised plan 
and liked how we answered the questions that he and Margaret Spellings posed to us at 
the last meeting concerning: a) impact on Domestic AIDS issues; b) development of a 
sharp sound bite for the State of the Union Address in case it comes to that; c) 
relationship to Global AIDS Trust Fund; d) Inclusion of Russia, India, and China; e) 
reason why the Gates/Merck/Harvard/Univ of Penn initiative in Botswana has failed; f) 
administrative structure of the program.  He asked me to revise the document by 
tightening it up to an Exec Summary, 5 pages of text and a group of tables. He wants us 
present it to Josh Bolten when Josh gets back from vacation next week.  Mark and I can 
quickly make this revision.
August 26, 2002 – Meeting at the White House with Gary Edson, Jay Lefkowitz, 
Margaret Spellings, Ken Thomas (ONAP), Jim Capretta, Robin Cleveland (OMB) and 
Mark Dybul.  We presented the condensed version (see above) to Gary , Margaret, and 
Jay.  Several minutes into the meeting Robin and Jim showed up and in a somewhat 
offhand manner without evening knowing the details of what we were presenting, Robin 
became very critical of the idea and the project.  She actually parroted words that we had 
heard weeks ago from the Kolbe Committee (Charlie Flichner) about how they were very 
skeptical that we could actually get ”twin pairs” of hospitals.  Also, she questioned 
whether the Uganda model would work even though she knew virtually nothing about it.  
I kept my cool, was subliminally sharp in response to her, but was very pissed inside.  
Gary intervened and defended what we had done and indicated that we would come back 
to Robin with more details about the Uganda model etc. (which we had already done 
among us previously).  Afterwards, Gary, Ken, Mark and I met for about 45 minutes in 
The Situation Room and discussed further revising of the documents.  I would not be 
surprised if Robin leaked all of this to USAID and the House Foreign Ops Committee.  I 
did not like the way she acted at the meeting and I do not trust her.  She acted a bit 
disrespectful to us in my mind; however, I believe that this was not her intent and she was 
reflecting the questions that the House Foreign Ops Committee was asking her.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 53 ---
51
August 26 – Sept. 5 – Much discussion about pre-emptively attacking Iraq to neutralize 
them before they use or get capacity for ”weapons” of mass desctruction.  This is pushing 
our HHS team to be ready to vaccinate the USA population.  Our plan for ”staged” 
smallpox vaccination of immediate first responders to broad first responders to voluntary 
vaccination of general public is ready to go.  We are waiting for word from the White 
House to roll out the plan.
Sept. 6, 2002 – Two meetings at the White House today:
1) Meeting in Executive Office Building (EOB_ in OMB’s Robin Cleveland’s office 
with Robin, Gary Edson, Joe O’Neill, and Mark Dybul.  We presented our re-
enforced implementation with a beautiful computer model of accessibility to 
central medical centers (CMCs), primary, secondary and tertiary clinics in 
Uganda as a prototype.  Robin was still not entirely satisfied with the presentation 
since she was hung up on quarantees that this plan would work given failures in 
previous endeavors in these countries.  She and Gary also wanted to flesh out the 
computer model on India, Mozambique and Guyana.  We will go back and try 
again.  Next meeting likely will be with Josh Bolten.
2) Meeting in EOB with General Bruce Lawlor (deputy to Gov. Ridge of OHS), Col 
Kadlac (OHS), and Col Gerald Parker of Ft. Detrick for me to present to Lawlor 
the NIAID plan for research including collaborations with DoD and facilities at 
Ft. Detrick.  I presented the NIAID Strategic Plan and Research Agenda.  It was a 
great meeting.  Lawlor was extremely impressed and highly supportive.  We 
promised to work together and he offered to help in any way possible.  He is a 
tough, nice , straight shooter.  His background is that he commanded a tank 
battalion in the Gulf War.
Sept. 17, 2002 – Another meeting at the White House on the President’s AIDS initiative.  
This time I presented the program to Josh Bolten in his office in the West Wing.  Also 
present were Gary Edson, Jay Lefkowitz, Terrell Halaska, Mark Dybul, Joe O’Neill, 
Robin Cleveland, Kristen Silverberg, Carol Thompson.  We are definitely moving along.  
Clearly Josh wants to do it.  He thoroughly liked my presentation.  The problem will be 
OMB and the question of where we are going to get the money.  Issue also is if the 
President accepts it, when can we announce since the budget for 2002 has not even been 
settled and 2003 has virtually decided.  We want to announce soon since WHO and other 
organizations are dancing around the question of an implementation strategy and we do 
not want to President to lose the leadership edge.  Josh asked OMB (Robin) to work out a 
budget scenario and get back to him.  They also will elevate it up one more notch to 
Andy Card, Condolezza Rice and Mitch Daniels. We will meet again soon.
Sept. 18, 2002 – Briefed Secretary Thompson about the upcoming smallpox vaccination 
policy and role-out.  Also present were Julie Gerberding, Stewart Simonson, Michael 
Osterholm, Jerry Hauer, Les Crawford, Ann Agnew, Terrell Halaska, etc.  We are 
advancing towards the 3 stage policy that ultimately would allow voluntary vaccination 
for anyone who wants it.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 54 ---
52
Had briefing at the White House on the fact that West Nile Virus can now be spread via 
blood transfusions (and transplants).  We are in the midst of a major epidemic with about 
1641 cases and 80 deaths.  It has been clearly documentd now that blood transfusions can 
transmit WNV.  We discussed how we would handle the press, etc.  I strongly suggested 
that we avoid the mistakes of the early 1980s regarding HIV and the blood supply.  I 
suggested that we obviously try to avoid panic, but that we make it clear that transfusions 
are NOT entirely risk free with regard to WNV as well as several other pathogens.  It is a 
question of relative risk of the transfusion versus not getting the transfusion.
INCREDIBLE evening – Bono the lead singer of U-2 and the best selling musician in 
history had called my office yesterday (his chief-of-staff) to say that he wanted to talk to 
me by phone or preferably in person to discuss how we could partner and how he could 
help me in my work on trying to get AIDS treament and care and prevention to sub-
Saharan Africa.  He had, this past year, gone to Africa in a much-publicized trip with 
Treasury Secretary Paul O’Neill.  At mid-day we got a call that Bono wanted to fly from 
Chicago to speak with me in person that evening.  He did and we met at my house.  We 
had wine, Chris cooked pasta and we had an amazing evening, talking for hours.  He is 
alsolutely fantastic, passionate and very intelligent.  He will try to help by supporting me 
and President Bush in the evolution of our implementation plan for Africa. Also visiting 
was his staff Jamie Drummond, Lucy Matthew, and Katrina......  We promised to stay in 
close touch and work together.  I did not tell Jenny, Megan and Alison that Bono was 
coming to the house for dinner.  When he walked in the door, they were speechless; 
however, he was wonderful with them.  They (and I) will never forget this extraordinary 
night.
Sept. 24, 2002 – Had CIA briefing and overall review of smallpox plan in Secr. 
Thompson’s office with Gov. Ridge, Col. Bob Kadlac, Julie Gerberding, Jerry Hauer, and 
a Ridge person .  Clearly Russia had modified smallpox and very likely Iraq has 
smallpox.  We reviewed the pre-emptive plan for vaccination that will be presented to 
Pres. Bush tomorrow by TGT in anticipation that he will make the policy decision soon.  
We will recommend the 3 stage proceedure of 500,000 to 10 million to the general 
population.  Word in the meeting is that we will definitely attack Iraq by January.
Sept. 26, 2002 – White House briefing with Carol Kuntz (Assistant to VP Cheney), 
Kristen Silverberg, Stewart Simonson, Jerry Hauer, Bob Kadlac and others regarding 
smallpox vaccination policy.  Carol was concerned that she was getting different signals 
from different people about varying toxicities among children versus adults, primary 
vaccinees versus re-vaccinees.  Apparently, D.A. Henderson has been very dogmatic with 
her (what else is new?).  I told her that one can go to the literature and analyze the 
information in many ways.  Since she questioned my numbers, I just kept quite and 
promised myself to get back to her.
Sept. 27, 2002  - Spoke with Carol Kuntz over the phone and explained some 
calculations that I had done (see attachment).  She apologized for questioning me the day 
before and even made the comment that ”Who is she to go mano-a mano with Tony 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 55 ---
53
Fauci” since I am ”a legend” in the White House.  I had a great conversation with her and 
sent the document shown below to her.
September 27, 2002
NOTE TO CAROL KUNTZ
                   
From:  Anthony S. Fauci, M.D.
Director
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
National Institutes of Health
Carol:
As per your request, I will summarize below the information that I discussed with 
you over the phone and will provide as attachments (1 through 5) some data sheets:
1)  The question arises whether the rate of serious complications due to primary vaccinia 
vaccination is greater in children versus adults and whether, because children will be 
obviously excluded from the cohort of health worker and first responder vaccinees, this 
will result in a lower than anticipated rate of complications for the first 2 stages of the 
vaccine program, i.e. up to 10,000,000 people.  My reference is Lane JM et al: 
Complications of smallpox vaccination, 1968.  National surveillance in the United States. 
N Engl J Med 281:1201, 1969.  I worked from Table 1 of the paper (attachment #1) and 
analyzed the “Primary vaccinations”.  I divided the cohort into 2 groups of <1 yr to 9 yrs 
old and 10 through 20+ yrs old in order to compare the actual rate per million 
complications in each group. I found the following:
There were 4,900,000 individuals in the <1 to 9 yr olds and 694,000 individuals in the 10 
to 20+ yr olds.  The rate of complications in the 2 groups were as follows:
                                                            <1 – 9 y.o.                       10 – 20+ y.o.
                                                                                 per million
Postvaccinial encephalitis                          3                                     1
Vaccinia necrosum                                   0.4                                  4.0
Eczema vaccinatum                                   10                                   14
Generalized vaccinia                                  22                                   26
Accidental inoculation                                26                                  10
Deaths                                                           1                                1.44
Therefore, one can conclude from this analysis that the younger group has a higher 
incidence of encephalitis, but the older group is similar, if not slightly worse off, when 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 56 ---
54
compared to the younger group with regard to the other complications of primary 
vaccination.  HOWEVER, the critical issue as I see it is the major difference between 
previously unvaccinated and previously vaccinated individuals with regard to the 
frequency of vaccine-related complications.  Whether you look at the figures from the 
1969 paper referred to above (attachment #2) or the 2001 MMWR (attachment #3), the 
rate of complications in the previously unvaccinated group is considerably higher than 
that in the previously vaccinated group. For example, in the Table 6 of the 1969 New 
England Journal of Medicine paper (attachment #2), the complications per million are as 
follows comparing previously unvaccinated versus previously vaccinated: Encephalitis – 
2.9 versus 0; vaccinia necrosum – 0.9 versus 0.7; eczema vaccinatum 10.4 versus 0.9; 
generalized vaccinia – 23.4 versus 1.2.  The differences are even more impressive in the 
Table from the 2001 MMWR (attachment #3)
2) Since the differences are so striking between previously unvaccinated and previously 
vaccinated individuals with regard to the incidence of serious adverse events associated 
with smallpox vaccination, I calculated the percent of people in the work force that we 
could predict would be previously vaccinated or not.  I used the most recent US Census 
(2000) (attachment #4).  I consider the work force to be individuals from 20 through 64 
years old (this corresponded to natural breaks in the census data).  In 2000, there were 
281,421,906 people in the USA.  I found that there were 59 million people or 21% of the 
total population and 36% of the work force between the ages of 20 and 34 years.  These 
people will have not been previously vaccinated.  Routine vaccinations stopped in 1972 
and most children would not have been vaccinated before age 5 and so 34 years old is the 
cut off point.  I further found that 107 million people between the ages of 35 and 64, i.e. 
38% of the population and 64% of the work force were likely vaccinated.  Thus, 64% of 
the people that we would be vaccinating in the first responder/health care worker 
category would fall into a group that historically has a much lower rate of serious adverse 
events than the previously unvaccinated group. I believe that this must at least be taken 
into consideration in our policy decisions.
3)  You asked a question about residual immunity in people vaccinated decades ago.  If 
you look at laboratory immunity (i.e. antibody levels and cell-mediated immune 
function), there is no question that the vast majority of studies indicate that there are 
variable levels of residual laboratory immunity in people who were immunized even 
decades ago.  The question remains whether the laboratory immunity is totally reflective 
and correlated with clinical immunity to an actual exposure.  There are several studies 
that indicate that previous immunization, even decades ago, provides real, but variable, 
degrees of protection against death (i.e. lower case fatality rates) compared to 
unimmunized individuals. It is impossible to determine the effect on actual infection 
without death.  Some of these studies such as the 1902-1903 Liverpool outbreak study is 
partially flawed in that there was some smallpox circulating in the community that might 
have boosted immunity.  However, several studies that are summarized in a paper by 
Mack TM et al: Smallpox in Europe 1950-1971. J. Infect. Dis. Vol.125, number 2, Feb. 
1972 (attachment #5) indicate that case fatality rates are significantly less in individuals 
vaccinated even more than 2 decades before.  I personally do not believe that all of these 
people were protected because that were intermittently boosted by naturally occurring 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 57 ---
55
smallpox.  There just were not that many widespread smallpox outbreaks to boost the 
population of Europe consistently during that time frame.  In fact, from 1950 through 
1971, there were only 680 cases of smallpox in the countries in question.  Therefore, I 
would have to conclude (not definitively, but likely) that previously immunized people 
do have a variable, but significant, degree of residual protective immunity against death 
from smallpox.
I hope that you find this information useful.  Please give me a call if you have any 
questions at (301) 496-2263.  Thank you and best regards.
Sincerely,
Anthony S. Fauci, M.D.
Sept. 29, 2002 – Received ICAAC Award and gave the ICAAC Award lecture in San 
Diego on “Bioterrorism in the spectrum of emerging and re-emerging diseases”.  
Audience was 10,000 people and received rave reviews for the lecture.
Sept. 30, 2002 – Got another top secret briefing from the CIA.  Apparently Russia is still 
making genetically modified microbes for offensive use.  Also, was briefed on Iraq’s 
capabilities.  It is my impression that the CIA information is really very soft.  They have 
sources, but they are difficult to validate.  
Oct. 4, 2002 – Engaged with Julie Gerberding, Jerry Hauer, Kevin Keane in a briefing of 
State and local Public Health officials on the likely roll out plan of  smallpox vaccination 
in3 stages (500,000 smallpox response teams and emergency personnel, then 10,000,000 
health care workers, primary care people, police and fireman, etc. followed by making 
vaccine available to general public after the Acambis product is licensed in early 2004.  
This was followed by a press conference, which did not go well since Jerry Hauer said 
that we were not going to make any “announcements”. Note that there have been many 
leaks about the 3 stage plan and the press was clearly annoyed that the press conference 
started with a statement that we were not going to tell them anything important.  
However, Julie proceeded to get up and say that we recommended the above plan.  She 
left the stage for a few minutes and I corrected her (politely) by saying that we are not 
“recommending” anything, we are merely giving a likely option.  The Secretary 
recommends something to the President and that is confidential.  The reason for this is 
that we do not want to put the President in the position of possibly going against his top 
health advisors, i.e. boxing in the President.  Julie returned and confirmed my correction.  
The press rightfully thought that we were sloppy (not me, but DHHS).  We called the 
main players – Larry Altman, Laura Mackler of AP, Ceci Connolly of Washington Post 
and Sheryl Stolberg of NY Times to clarify the situation.  All of this is happening 
because the WH is taking so long to come out with a policy and we are compromised 
because if we do not say that we favor a certain plan, then it looks like we do not know 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 58 ---
56
what we are doing.  How can we not favor a certain plan if we have been working on this 
problem for months???
Oct. 10, 2002 – Had 2 important meetings at the White House today:
First - meeting with Gary Edson, Jay Lefkowitz and Robin Cleveland about the 
comprehensive AIDS implementation plan for prevention, treatment, and care for 
developing nations  for possible consideration by the President.  This was in response to a 
call from Jay about 1 week ago asking to spread out the plan from 5 years to 7 years and 
to calculate how much money would be spent for each prevention intervention, i.e. 
condom distribution versus sex worker education versus needle exchange versus family 
counseling.  The point is that they feel that the request might be too much for the 5 years 
(Total = $9.987 billion over 5 years, including up to $1.0 billion for the Global Fund).  
They want us to spread it out so that the early years will be less.  Also, they want us to 
assume that countries other than Russia, China, and India (which will contribute 50%) 
would be contributing some proportion.  We figured Botswana and South Africa could 
contribute 30% each Namibia and Guyana 20% and Uganda 10%.  Furthermore, they 
anticipate that the President is going to ask just what the money is going for and if it is 
for Condoms, sex workers and IV drug users, he should at least know that.  Obviously, 
the right wing in the WH would be against this.  We crunched the number and I presented 
this.  Right off  Robin mentioned that Jim Capretta (OMB PAD) had mentioned to Mitch 
Daniels that something was cooking vis-à-vis international AIDS and that this would 
require new money.  Mitch immediately said no chance and that no matter what we give, 
we will be criticized.  Robin then left for another meeting.  I suggested to Jay and Gary 
that another alternative would be to do this through the Global fund with the stipulation 
that they work from our plan with suggestions from them. My reason was as follows. The 
WHO group just met in Geneva with Bernard Schwartlander to try to galvanize a plan 
and support for a global program. Mark Dybul went to that meeting.  It appears that they 
will ask for a 3 year plan to treat 3 million people at a cost of $10-15 billion with $4.6 
billion from USA. They want to announce this on World AIDS Day (Dec. 1).  This could 
pre-empt the President.  In other words, we will be pressured to give $4.6 billion to do 
someone else’s plan. This would be less that our 5 year and 7 year plan. Why not 
announce that we will give $4.6 million to the global fund if they coordinate their 
activities through our plan?  The President could announce this and get credit for 
leadership as well as for contributing to the Global AIDS Fund.  Also, it would avoid the 
impression that we Americans are going off on our own.  Gary and Jay liked the plan 
very much and asked me to put together a 3-pager for Josh Bolten.  They made me swear 
to tell no one about this, not even Mark, Terrell or TGT.  I finally convinced them that I 
really needed to tell Mark since he is necessary to put these things together.  I am very 
uncomfortable about not telling Terrell.
Second meeting was a briefing of Vice President Cheney’s Staff on the NIAID efforts on 
biodefense, i.e. what is our “vision” for spending the $1.75 billion as well as our long-
term vision.  At the meeting were Carol Kuntz, Seth Carus and Noreen Hynes (all from 
Cheney’s senior staff) and Jerry Hauer (from the DHHS).  The meeting went extremely 
well.  I wowed them with a passionately delivered presentation. I told them that we at 
NIAID could transform the way the country deals with bioterrorism threat from a 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 59 ---
57
research  and public health standpoint. They loved it and asked what powers I needed that 
I do not have to execute this.  I mentioned that we should have a fund to purchase 
vaccines and drugs so that the pharmaceutical industry would have an incentive to get 
involved.  Also, I said the FDA needed to be more flexible.
Oct. 17, 2002 – Sent down the 3-pager that Jay and Gary wanted (see above).  It calls for 
the USG taking the lead and committing a considerable amount of money THROUGH 
the Global Trust Fund, but under the stipulation that other countries join us and 
implement our plan. The plan would cost approximately $18.8 billion of new money over 
5 years.  In the covering memo to Jay and Gary, I mentioned that I was uncomfortable 
about not telling Terrell what we are doing since I am supposed to me representing her 
and TGT at these meetings.  Of note, Gary and Jay usually respond almost immediately 
to me when I send material such as this.  However, over the subsequent 2 days (Oct 
18,19), I have heard nothing from them.  I suspect that they are put aback by my 
mentioned my discomfort about not telling Terrell about this.  We shall see what 
happens.
Also, received a call from Stewart Simonson who said that Vice-President Cheney 
wants a meeting with me about my Biodefence Research Vision on Wednesday, Oct . 23.  
The White House has set up the meeting.
Oct. 20, 2002 – Gary Edson contacted me and likes very much the revised document (see 
above).  We are closing in on it and he will soon show it to Josh Bolten.
Oct. 8 – 22, 2002 – Washington, D.C. area being terrorized by a sniper who has already 
shot 12 people and killed 9.
Oct. 22, 2002 – Had a terrific visit and briefing of  Vice President Cheney in the West 
Wing of the WH.  Present were the VP, “Scooter” Libby, Carol Kuntz, Noreen Hynes, 
Seth Carus, (Gen.) Phil Russell, and Stewart Simonson. I went over our NIAID Research 
Agenda and Strategic plan for biodefense.  As I did in my briefing of Carol Kuntz (see 
above), I stressed that we can and will do the job.  I stressed that we needed help in 
getting greater regulatory flexibility, having the power to sole source contracts, and we 
need to provide major incentives for industry.  We must work more closely with industry 
the same way that the automobile industry made our planes and tanks during World War 
II.  It was a very easy and enjoyable interaction with the VP.  Of note, when we discussed 
briefly the policy for smallpox vaccination, it was clear that Libby is the driving force for 
mass vaccination sooner rather than later.  The VP seemed rather measured on the 
subject.
On the way out of the WH, I ran into Gary Edson in Josh Bolten’s office (Josh’s 
assistant had seen me walking by and asked me to come in to say hello to Josh).  Josh and 
Gary were actually working on the plan that Mark and I had just sent to them.  They like 
it very much and I think that something is going to happen with it.
Oct. 23, 2002 – Met with Bono again at the Jefferson Hotel for breakfast.  Also present 
were Jamie Drummond, Lucy Matthew, Katrina and Erin Chapman. We spent almost 2 
hours going over options for how we can drive the agenda for universal care, prevention 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 60 ---
58
and treatment for HIV infected people worldwide.  I emphasized the importance of 
engaging Russia, India, and China because of the large populations in these countries in 
which a mere increase in prevalence from 1% to 2% in countries like India and China (I 
billion people in each country) could quickly create a pool of infected people that would 
equal all of Africa.  He will be meeting with Condolezza Rice this afternoon to push for 
the USA getting involved in a major way with money (billions) and leadership.  I am 
impressed with Bono’s good intentions and his intelligence and energy.  I am 
disappointed that I cannot tell him about the program that Mark Dybul and I have been 
working on for the “comprehensive implementation” plan.  Hopefully, we can make this 
public soon so that we can engage Bono’s assistance with his bully pulpit.
Oct. 29, 2002 -  Received today the written version of the oral history that Victoria 
Harden collected from me a few months ago.  See attached document.
Fauci on biodefense 
8-9-02.doc
Oct. 30 – Nov. 1 – Multiple conversations and e-mail exchanges with Gary Edson 
regarding the AIDS Project (see above).  I believe that finally we are getting this straight.  
Historically (see above), every time that we try to calculate the needed resources for a 
comprehensive program, Robin Cleveland (OMB) or someone else says that it will not 
fly (see note of Oct. 10, 2002).  Now Gary calls me and says that our most recent package 
might be low-balling it since he recently read an article by Jeff Sachs in The Economist 
that we need $25 billion per year.  I finally told Gary that I had had enough.  The world is 
calling for $10 billion per year for 5 years with an increase to $15 billion per year by 
2007.  They all say that the USA commitment should be 35% of this or $3.5 billion per 
years for 5 years.  I told Gary that this is what we should propose as the President’s 
initiative provided that the other countries put in the remaining 65% and that they use our 
implementation plan.  I told Gary that he and Robin need to figure out how much of $3.5 
billion per year we (USA) will have already been spending in order to determine the 
amount (% of $3.5 billion) that really would have to be new money.  Finally, he agreed 
and now we can stop all of this ridiculous back and forth with Robin and him.  We may 
be getting close to presenting this to the President.  We just need to convince Josh Bolten
Nov. 1, 2002 – Had a great meeting with Carol Kuntz, Noreen Hynes, and Seth Carus 
regarding the request of the Vice President for me to list what added powers that I would 
need to make the BioD program work at NIAID. Stewart Simonson and Phil Russell also 
present I listed a group of these and Carol et al liked and agreed with them.  They were 
mostly sole source contracting authority, rapid grants, DARPA-like powers, etc.  Next 
step is arranging a meeting with me, TGT, and Cheney.
Nov. 12, 2002 – See note of Oct. 30 – Nov. 1 above.  Gary Edson called me last week 
and said that they were on the verge of making the decision regarding whether we will go 
for the major implementation plan.  However, there is skepticism on the part of OMB 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 61 ---
59
(and likely others that he did not mention) concerning whether this can be done.  They 
need to do due diligence and get some outside opinions and so they Gary has asked me to 
gather for a meeting at the WH a group of people who have actually done developing 
country implementation.  They want to speak with these people without my being there, 
i.e. to check up on me.  I suggested and they agreed to bring in the following:  Peter 
Mugyenyi (Uganda), Jean (Bill) Pape (Haiti), Paul Farmer (Harvard-Haiti), Eric Goosby 
(Pangea Foundation and Rwanda).  Gary asked me on a Friday and I needed to contact 
these people who were scattered all over the world to come to DC to see me and then 
have a visit to the WH.  Gary insisted that I not reveal the plan to them and so I had to 
convince them to travel within a 72 hours period merely on faith as a favor to me.  They 
all agreed and came: Mugyenyi from Uganda, Goosby from Rwanda, Farmer from 
Germany, and Pape from Haiti.  Still Gary insists (despite my asking him again and 
again) that I cannot tell Terrell Halaska about any of this.  I pushed Gary and he checked 
with Josh Bolten who said that this week we indeed will be able to tell Secretary 
Thompson.
On another issue, things are heating up regarding possible war with Iraq.  This 
makes compelling the imminent decision of policy regarding smallpox vaccination of 
civilians.  The Pentagon will imminently announce that 250,000 to 500,000 troops will be 
vaccination with vaccinia (Dryvax).  The question of the availability and 
recommendations for  civilians remains.  I am pushing for “recommending” that the 
500,000 and then the up to 10,000,000 health workers and first responders get 
vaccinating.  However, I feel that although we should make available the vaccine for the 
general public, given that the threat assessment is very soft, we should recommend that 
they not take the vaccine unless they feel very strongly that they do not want to take any 
chances.  This is different from the situation with the anthrax vaccine where the DHHS 
said that had no recommendation either way; they just made the vaccine available if 
people wanted it.
Went down to the White House to pre-brief Gary Edson and Jay Lefkowitz on 
Mugyenyi, Goosby, Pape, and Farmer.  They both inquired as to what pretense I used to 
get these people to come to the USA.  I said that I asked them to come and advise me 
about clinical trials in developing nations.
Had dinner at the Trattoria Sorrento in Bethesda (Cordell Street) with the 4 
visitors and told them exactly why I called them in and explained what type of questions 
would be asked of them at the WH.  They look upon me as a hero for what I am doing.
Nov. 13, 2002 – Multiple meetings in the DHHS to plan roll out of smallpox vaccination 
plan.  It is imminent. The President is planning on having to start bombing Iraq in the 2nd 
week of January and wants to start vaccinating the 500,000 people smallpox response 
teams by December 1 and the 10,000,000 first responders by January in order to prepare 
for a release of smallpox by Iraq.  Much discussion about timing the announcement of 
vaccinating the military with the announcement about the general population. Concern is 
that if we do not link the 2, the people will react to vaccinating the military by saying 
“what about us?”  It looked like we were going to make the announcement on Friday, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 62 ---
60
Nov. 16.  However, at the WH, the President told the cabinet (including TGT) that he 
now wants to wait until he comes back from a foreign trip (Nov. 27) since Osama bin 
Laden just released a tape yesterday indicating that he is still alive and threatened the 
USA, UK, and Russia.  Bush does not want it to appear that we are panicking in response 
to the tape.  I am relieved that we decided to wait since I would have had to cancel my 
going to Los Angeles to receive the RAND Prize ($10,000.00) in order to remain in DC 
for the Press.
Heard that the WH meeting with the 4 visitors on the global AIDS plan went 
extremely well.  I believe that we are convincing the skeptics that we can effectively treat 
HIV in developing nations.  Of note, Robin Cleveland asked to have Nils Daulaire there 
for his opinion.  It is my impressions that she is resentful of the NIH and me.  This is 
likely due to the fact that her OMB account for which she is responsible includes USAID 
and there is obviously some competition in her mind given that NIH always does so well 
with the budget.
November 19, 2002 – Another meeting at the White House with Jay Lefkowitz, Gary 
Edson, Joe O’Neill, Mark Dybul and me to further discuss the potential for getting the 
President to accept our proposal for a comprehensive $50 billion over 5 year plan.  Gary 
and Jay want me to further refine the presentation and actually start finalizing it for 
presentation first to Mitch Daniels and then ultimately to President. Jay had shown me a 
memo that Nils Daulaire had sent to Robin after the meeting with Mugyemnyi et al and it 
was clear that Robin and Nils are working together.  Nils is a fine former public servant 
and is now in the private sector.  However, judging from his memo, he is dead wrong on 
certain issues, i.e. he does not believe that Russia, China and India will surpass Africa 
within the next 5 years in AIDS impact.  Also, I am not happy that Robin previously told 
Nils about the plan at the same time that Gary and Jay will not allow me to tell Terrell 
Halaska or Secretary Thompson about it.  Strange situation in this WH regarding secrecy 
– they are almost pathologic about it.  At the meeting, Jay and Gary asked me and Mark 
to prepare again even more material for an upcoming meeting with Mitch Daniels (see 
above).  We got it to them within 1 day.
November 21, 2002 – Another pre-roll out meeting at the Department to prepare for the 
upcoming announcement by the President on the Smallpox vaccination policy.  Meeting 
was with Kevin Keane, Bill Hall, Jerry Hauer, and on teleconference  - Michael 
Osterholm, Julie Gerberding and an assortment of CDC public affairs people.  I have 
convinced them that we should not recommend  to the general public that they take the 
vaccine give the non-quantifiable risk.  I am also convincing them that for the Stage 2 
(10,000,000 first repsonders), we also should not make a blanket recommendation that 
they get vaccinated.  Rather, we should say that as a group the vaccine should be offered 
to them, but since this is a heterogenous group, the actual recommendation to take it or 
not should rely on discussions between the CDC and the State and local public health 
officials in light of the particular needs and situation within a given jurisdiction.  Clearly, 
the Stage 1 group (500,000 smallpox response teams) should have a recommendation to 
take the vaccine voluntarily.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 63 ---
61
Nov. 22, 2002 – Gave keynote address at the Holy Cross function at The Supreme Court  
for “Lift the Cross High”. Justice Clarence Thomas was our host and was the other 
speaker.  My remarks were very well received by all.  It was a very elegant evening 
aimed ultimately at fund-raising for Holy Cross.  Thomas is also an alumnus.
Nov. 26, 2002 – Briefing of Vice President Cheney at the White House regarding Project 
Bioshield (I made up the name) which is requesting his help in getting me special 
authorities for Countermeasure Advanced Development.  Meeting included VP Cheney, 
“Scooter” Libby (both on teleconference from secret location), Secretary Thompson, 
Stewart Simonson, Bill Raub, Carol Kuntz, Noreen Hynes, Seth Carus.  Bill Raub 
presented the need for a $1-2$ billion Vaccine Trust Fund. Meeting went extremely well.  
VP was very supportive of my proposals and told Carol to set up a meeting between me, 
TGT, Stewart and Josh Bolten.
Also met later in the day with Richard Danzig (former Secretary of the Navy 
under Clinton).  He is a private consultant under contract to the DoD for Biodefense and 
wanted to get to know me since he has “heard so much about me”.  He wants to start an 
informal group of people linked by common interest in biodefense.
Dec. 3, 2002 – Still waiting for the President to decide on the announcement of the 
smallpox vaccine policy.  Should be tomorrow or next day.  Also, a lot of back and forth 
between me, Jay Lefkowitz and Gary Edson.  I believe that we are moving towards a 
Global AIDS Initiative.  Jay will present our plan and budget to Mitch Daniels today.
Phone call with Jay Lefkowitz and Keith Hennessey and Doug Badger called 
wanting to know why we needed a vaccine trust fund as opposed to other mechanisms to 
guarantee purchase of vaccines.  This is what Bill Raub presented to the VP (see above); 
however, they are asking me about it because of “my credibility” (according to Carol 
Kuntz.  Carol was on the phone with Kristen Silverberg.  There is some concern as this 
passes through the WH that there is not enough justification for a “Trust Fund”.  Carol 
Kuntz wants to set up a meeting at the WH for me to help explain this sometime later this 
week or next week.
Dec. 4, 2002 – Amazing day.  I was at one time on 3 different lines with 3 different 
people at the White House – Gary Edson, Jay Lefkowitz, Carol Kuntz.  There was an 
intense and critical issue with Gary and Jay.  Gary was getting ready to meet with Mitch 
Daniels regarding our AIDS plan and he heard through his WH grapevine that Mitch was 
going to try to “Steamroller” him by bringing up the Washington Post article from a 
couple of days ago about the program in Botswana being a failure.  In other words, if 
Botswana failed, why did we believe that our program would succeed.  I explained to 
Gary that the Botswana Program was “Top Down” government as opposed to local 
network.  They were using high tech., approach instead of grass roots.  Gary asked me to 
contact our African friends and get their opinion (in one half hour!!!!).  I contacted Peter 
Mugyenyi, Sam Kibende, and Eric Goosby and they all agreed with me.  Peter mentioned 
that the big mistake that the Gates Foundation and Merck went directly to the Botswana 
Government and asked them to put together a plan.  Botswana then employed the 
Harvard AIDS Institute who developed a high-tech USA Harvard like plan with CD-
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 64 ---
62
ROMs for developing voluntary Counseling and Testing.  Peter said that it was doomed 
to failure.  I relayed this to Gary and he was satisfied.
Also, more delays in the announcement of the smallpox vaccine policy.  It will 
not be this week and so I will be able to go to Albany to give a talk associated with my 
Albany Prize from last Spring.
Dec. 4 – 10, 2002 – Incredible amount of action going on.  Many calls and interactions 
with VP Cheney’s staff (Carol Kuntz, Noreen Hynes, Seth Carus) regarding Project 
BioShield.  The VP wants to come to NIH and have me show him around the Vaccine 
Research Center (VRC) in the context of the “Advanced Project Development” of Project 
Bioshield.  Project Bioshield has caught on with the VP and his staff.  Scooter Libby is 
becoming a strong ally and fan of mine. 
At the same time there is a lot of buzz as to when the President is going to 
announce his vaccine policy.  Many leaks, interestingly most from the WH itself.  We are 
busily preparing our Qs and As for the announcement.
Elias Zerhouni feeling a bit out of the loop.  I am trying to keep him informed, but 
the WH and DHHS wants to deal directly with me.
Dec. 11, 2002 – A truly terrific day!  Cheney came to VRC and I presented an updated 
version of Project Bioshield in the context of going from concept to product in the VRC.  
Present at meeting were: Cheney, Scooter Libby, Carol Kuntz, Noreen Hynes, Seth 
Carus, Elias Zerhouni, Tommy Thompson, Stewart Simonson, Phil Russell, Gary Nabel 
and his staff.  Cheney and Libby were “wowed” by my presentation and by the VRC  
Cheney instructed his staff to do whatever is necessary to facilitate what I am doing 
including giving me special authorities.
Immediately after the VP visit, I rushed down to the WH to present “Project 
BioShield” to Josh Bolten in the context of the VP wants me to sell the concept to Josh.  
Present at the meeting were Josh, Kristen Silverberg, Richard Falkenrath, Tommy 
Thompson, Scooter Libby, Stewart Simonson, et al.  Josh questioned the need for the 
vaccine purchase fund component of Project BioShield (good questions).  I defended it 
even though this really is not my bag (Bill Raub was the original designer of it).  At the 
end of the meeting, Josh seemed supportive of the entire project.  Clearly the VP is 
driving this process.
Another amazing event.  The vaccine policy roll-out is under very close hold at 
the WH.  Today I received one of my many calls from George Stephanopoulos of ABC. 
George pointed out that the President gave an interview with Barbara Walters to view on 
Dec. 13 in which he said that he would allow vaccination of the entire population on a 
voluntary basis.  George thought that this constitutes the long-awaited announcement of 
the policy.  I told George that the Pres. was probably just speaking in broad generalities 
since I know that there will be a formal announcement with me involved at the WH.  
George seemed convinced; however, the ABC people pursued this and confronted the 
WH who inexplicably confirmed the story and said that the roll-out would be Friday 
(Dec. 13).  I heard about this when I was in Josh Bolten’s office presenting Project 
BioShield.  My phone rang and CBS said that ABC had broken the story on the policy on 
the basis of the Barbara Walter interview.  They wanted me on their show to discuss.  I 
said that I knew nothing about this and therefore could not appear.  I hung up and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 65 ---
63
mentioned this to Kristen Silverberg.  She knew nothing and immediately called Dan 
Bartlett (WH Press Office).  I did not hear what they said; however, apparently what 
happened is that the press confronted the WH with the Walters interview and the WH 
caved in and admitted to the policy.  The crazy thing is that it has now hit the press, but 
the WH will not let us talk about it since the President has not officially announced it.  
We still do not really know what the policy will be nor when it will be announced.  More 
later!
Dec.12, 2002 – Much activity back and forth with the White House and the DHHS 
regarding putting the finishing touches on the President’s Statement and the policy in 
general.  In particular, Kristen Silverberg and checked frequently with me.  In mid-
afternoon she called me down to the White House with Stewart Simonson to go over 
word-for-word the President’s statement.  We were the only DHHS people asked to do 
this.  Big surprise in the statement was the fact that we will make vaccine available to the 
public before 2004 by allowing people who insist on vaccination to enter into an ongoing 
clinical trial (Cangene, Acambis, etc.) or by creating a special IND protocol  (using 
Aventis-Pasteur).  Exciting few hours at the White House with Karl Rove, Andy Card, 
Josh Bolten, Mike Gerson (President’s speechwriter), Kristen, Susan Neeley (Public 
Affairs for Homeland Security), Dan Bartlett (Deputy to Ari Fleischer)Stewart and I 
having lively back and forth conversation.  I insisted that they emphatically emphasize 
that we do not recommend vaccine to the general public; however, we will make it 
available to those who feel they still want it even though it is not recommended.  I 
consider this a great victory since I am concerned about tens of millions of people getting 
vaccinating, which will surely lead to some serious adverse events.
After the WH, Stewart and I went to the Department and worked on Qs and As 
for hours until around midnight.  Also, we briefed the Governors of the States and the 
State Health Officials by teleconference.
Dec.13, 2002 – Day of the announcement by the President.  The DHHS team including 
me went to the WH at 1:00 PM in preparation for the 2:15 PM announcement.  We met in 
the Roosevelt room and discussed the policy with Ari Fleischer, Dan Bartlett, and others.  
Bill Winkenwerder represented the DoD.  Big surprise was that we learned the President 
would get the vaccine himself since he felt that as Commander-in-Chief of the Armed 
Forces, he could not order the troops to do something that he himself would not do.  He 
will say that Laura and his children will not be vaccinated since they are part of the 
general public.
President makes announcement.  On stage with him was me, Tommy Thompson, 
Gov. Ridge, Julie Gerberding, Bill Winkenwerder, someone from State Dept.  
Afterwards, the President left and we all gave brief remarks and answered questions.  The 
rollout went extremely well.  I was on CNN and Julie and I were on the Jim Lehrer 
NewsHours together.  I had been scheduled by Ari Fleischer to go on all of the Sunday 
talk shows with Tommy Thompson on Dec. 15; however, we were bumped by the 
breaking news of Trent Lott facing forced resignation because of his “segregationist” 
comments at the birthday party of Strom Thurmond.  Nonetheless, I got my picture in 
both the NY Times and The Washington post standing next to the President and TGT.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 66 ---
64
Also, over next few days I appeared on CNBC, WTOP radio and NPR – “Talk of the 
Nation”
Dec. 18, 2002 – Another exciting day at the White House.  Clearly, Scooter Libby and 
the VP are in favor of pushing for the Vaccine Trust Fund.  OMB and the WH economic 
advisors have a problem with the concept of a trust fund.  As usual, Carol Kuntz has been 
very supportive.  Was called down to a meeting at the WH with OMB people (Jim 
Capretta), the VP staff (Carol K., Seth Carus, Noreen Hynes), DHS people (Richard 
Falkenrath, et al), Kristen Silverberg, Ken Bernard, Stew Simonson, Phil Russell, Bill 
Raub.  We had to discuss the vaccine research plan.  Again, must concern as to why we 
need a trust fund instead of an appropriation.  I explained that one (the fund) is 
mandatory and the other (appropriation) is discretionary.  Jim Capretta came up with the 
idea of a “Permanent and Definite Appropriation” that would be mandatory and multi-
year.  In the middle of the meeting, Scooter Libby called me on my cell phone and said 
that he was going into a meeting with the VP and the President at 1:00 PM (it was now 
11:30 AM) and he needed for me to write a ½ pager on the concept of a mandatory fund 
for vaccine (he said trust fund, but we subsequently hashed out a Perm. And Def. Appr.  
He also wanted a microbe by microbe breakdown with time-lines and costs – all by 12:55 
PM. In addition, he wanted me to meet with the CEOs of “Big Pharma” to determine if 
they would support this.  I rushed to the DHHS with Stew, Kerry Weems, Phil Russell 
and Bill Raub and put together a great package to e-mail and FAX to the VP’s office 
(Carol K.) arriving a few minutes before 1:00 PM.  They loved it.  We will wait to see 
what happens.
Dec. 19-22, 2002 – Still much activity with the VP continuing to push to help us get a 
Permanent and Definite Appropriation for purchase of countermeasures, particularly, but 
not exclusively for vaccines.  There is much concern about botulism and acquiring 
botulism anti-toxin.  Many phone calls and meeting with Stewart Simonson with whom I 
now speak with and/or meet at least several times per day.  Carol Kuntz and Noreen 
Hynes are trying to help us.  They asked us to put together a programatic assessment of 
our procurement needs for countermeasures without consideration of budget constraints.  
We had previously put together a $4.2 billion package concentrated mostly on MVA and 
rPA (anthrax) with only about $450 million over 10 years for other countermeasures.  We 
presented this several days ago to OMB people in the presence of Kristen Silverberg (see 
above).  OMB was miffed that they had not seen these numbers before, when in fact the 
numbers were contained in our budget submission for ’04, but were not specifically 
designated as purchase.  Clearly OMB is resisting the VP’s attempts to get this fund 
through.  The new “no budget constraint” package that we put together was 
approximately $15.0 billion over 3 years (FY04 – 06) with considerable amount now to 
other countermeasures such as botulism, plague, Ebola, tularemia, Rift Valley Fever, 
EEE/VEE/WEE, Staph. Enterotoxin, antibiotic resistance, pandemic flu, WNV, etc.  
Even though this was put together by Phil Russell with help from DMID, the VP wants 
me to defend it to OMB since they are cashing in on my reputation and scientific 
credibility.  The VP has set up a meeting for Dec. 23 at the WH with himself and Scooter 
Libby teleconferenced from Jackson Hole and me, Mitch Daniels, Nancy Dorm (OMB 
Deputy Director), Tommy Thompson, the VP’s staff, etc. (see below).
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 67 ---
65
Dec. 23, 2002 – Critical meeting at the White House (see above).  Attending were VP 
Cheney and Scooter Libby by teleconference from Jackson Hole; Stewart Simonson, Phil 
Russell, Kerry Weems (Budget, DHHS), Carol Kuntz, Noreen Hynes, Seth Carus, Nancy 
Dorm (Deputy Director OMB), Tom Reilly and Jim Capretta (OMB).  Issue was that 
Scooter and the VP had asked Carol Kuntz a couple of days ago to put together a threat 
related proposal for a wide range of microbes with no concern for budget to be used for 
procurement of products.  It should be program and need driven.  Carol tasked me to do 
this with Phil Russell.  I worked until late through the night of Dec. 22 fine-tuning this 
and learning it cold.  The proposal went beyond MVA, rPA, and included botulism, 
plague, tularemia, Ebola and other hemorrhagic fevers, pandemic flu, West Nile. Etc.  
The proposal came to $15 billion from FY’04 – ’06.  The OMB had agreed several days 
ago to creating a “Permanent and Indefinite (first it was definite) appropriations authority 
to purchase vaccines for BioT for a total of $4.2 billion.  In typical OMB fashion, they 
were against any new spending.  The intense interest of the VP was the reason why we 
were being listened to.  Importantly, Carol Kuntz called OMB people to the meeting 
(Mitch Daniels was supposed to be there, but he was out of town) but did not warn them 
that they would be faced with a $15 billion exercise in front of the VP.  I convinced Carol 
to let them know at least a few minutes before the meeting started.  They were mortified 
and enraged that they were not warned in advance.  As Nancy Dorm said, every time she 
sees me, it costs her billions of dollars.  The VP called upon me to present the proposal.  
Nancy did not get it.  She was tied down in process.  She insisted that the original 
agreement was for vaccines only and not what she called “countermeasures” such as 
botulism antitoxin and Cidofovir, which were on the list.  She did not understand that 
“Countermeasures” is the big umbrella under which are vaccines, antitoxins, etc. Also, 
she argued that we she not include in the purchasing authority anything that was not 
licensed.  I proposed that we should include anything that was “licensable”, i.e. on the 
way to license by the FDA, but perhaps months away because of the FDA process.  The 
VP very clearly was on my side and did not hide it.  He even said to Nancy “ Do you 
expect me to go to the President and the American people and say that we cannot provide 
countermeasures against threats that we either know or strongly suspect that Iraq has 
because we do not want to broaden authorities and because the “process” will not allow 
it?”  She then said that she would work with us to get something out.  The VP was 
spectacular!  It was a  classic example of OMB not being able to get beyond process and 
missing the entire point of the concept.  Amazingly, Nancy said that “look what happened 
with the smallpox vaccine.  We bought it and now we are not even going to use it 
widely”.  She considers the smallpox vaccine situation, which was one of the great 
successes of the year to be a failure since many Americans would opt not to take it.  She 
does not understand that the fact that we have it is critical.  Amazing!
The meeting ended with the VP clearly in my corner.  My relationship with him, 
Scooter and the whole staff, particularly Carol is getting very strong.
Dec. 24, 2002 – Nice surprise today.  At 1:00 PM, I received a call in my office.  I 
answered the phone since everyone else had left for the ½ day Christmas eve.  On the 
other end someone sang the full verse of “Happy Birthday”.  It was Secretary Thompson 
calling from Wisconsin on a cell phone from a shopping center.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 68 ---
66
Dec. 26, 2002 – Today started a series of phone calls and consultations (confidential) 
between me and Carol Kuntz.  She has just learned that she has Chronic Myelogenous 
Leukemia (CML) and she called me for help and consultation.  She is being seen at GW 
by Dr. Joao Ascensao who will be treating her with Gleevec.  Her short term (and likely 
long-term) prognosis is quite good with this new drug.  I am serving as her counsel and 
confidante.  I will help her along in the coming weeks and months.
Dec. 30, 2002 – Another meeting at the White House with OMB people.  They are still 
trying to resist the Pemanent and Indefinite Appropriations, particularly for pandemic flu. 
Attending meeting were me, Stewart Simonson, Seth Carus, Carol Kuntz, Barry 
Glendennin, Tom Reilly, Bill Raub, Phil Russell.  We went back and forth and it was 
clear that Secretary Thompson and VP Cheney want this, but OMB does not.  Again, the 
VP and DHHS are relying on my reputation to drive this through.
Jan. 3, 2003 -  Another meeting at the White House with Carol Kuntz, Seth Carus, 
Noreen Hynes, and Stewart Simonson on the pending Project Bioshield Legislation.  VP 
Cheney is still trying to get this into the State of the Union address.  I am still counseling 
Carol regarding her CML.
Jan. 4 – Jan 9, 2003 – Continual back and forth about the language for my new 
authorities and for the permanent and indefinite appropriations authority for procurement 
of countermeasures.  Much opposition from OMB.  Scenario is Stewart Simonson, Carol 
Kuntz, Scooter Libby and the VP against OMB.  Trying to keep NIH Director Elias 
Zerhouni in the loop.  He is somewhat (not a lot) concerned that I am in the driver’s seat 
here, but in all, he has been quite good about it.  VP’s people keep asking me to provide 
materials for them to strengthen our arguments.  This has become almost a full-time job.  
Also, I have had a URI with sinusitis for at least 6 weeks and this has made 19 hour days 
difficult.  We (NIAID) had to move our Winter Program Retreat from Shepherdstown, 
W.Va. to Bethesda since Stewart and others felt that I like would be needed on the phone 
or to go to WH during the 2 days of the retreat (Jan. 9-10).
Jan. 10, 2003 – Meeting at the White House with Kristen Silverberg, Carol Kuntz, 
Noreen Hynes, Seth Carus, Richard Falkenrath, Ken Bernard, Stewart Simonson, WH 
speechwriters Amy Jensen and Gordon Johndroe.  Purpose of meeting was to prepare for 
the possibility that the President will announce Project Bioshield at the State-of-the-
Union Address in a couple of weeks.  I had to present to the group the background and 
rational for the special authorities for the NIAID director as well as the Permanent and 
indefinite appropriations authorities to purchase countermeasures.  In addition, we 
explained the special use licensure of countermeasures by the FDA.  For the latter part of 
the meeting, Mark McClellan (FDA Commissioner) joined us by phone.  We will have 
follow-up meeting next week.
Jan. 11, 2003 – Had an all day meeting of virtually all the players in biodefense 
organized by Richard Danzig (former Secretary of the Navy) at Strategic Analysis, Inc. in 
Arlington, VA. We did case studies of possible catastrophic bioterror events and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 69 ---
67
discussed the need to establish a BAT team or biological anti-terrorist team to be 
available to the President for advice and service in the event of a catastrophic attack. 
Present was among many others: Julie Gerberding, David Franz, Lisa Gordon-Hagerty, 
Josh Lederberg, Richard Danzig, Bill Patrick.  Entire attendee list is in my files.
Jan. 13 or 14, 2003 – Meeting in the West Wing (Ward Room) of the White House with 
Kristen Silverberg, Ken Bernard, Carol Kuntz, Amy Jensen, Sally Canfield (DHS), Jim 
Capretta, Tom Reilly, Richard Falkenrath, Stewart Simonson and others from WH 
communications to continue to fashion the precise language of the Project Bioshield 
(authorities, Procurement, FDA regs) in preparation for getting this into the President’s 
State of the Union (SOTU) address .  We wrangled a bit about the precise language.  We 
will meet again in 2 days to finalize it.
Jan. 17, 2003 – Another meeting at the White House in Andy Card’s office (he was not 
there).  Met with all of the above (Jan. 13/14) plus Patrick Aylward and minus Amy 
Jensen, Jim Capretta, and Richard Falkenrath to continue discussion.  We went over 
comments regarding draft legislation and discussed the role-out for the SOTU address. 
Also, the WH has decided that soon after the address (around Feb. 3) the President will 
role out Project Bioshield more formally at an event likely at DHHS or at NIH.  I will be 
there and then will be called upon to do a lot of briefings of the Press and Congress.
Jan. 22, 2003 – Just heard from Ken Bernard at the WH that the President has decided to 
include Project Bioshield in the SOTU address.  Also, he plans to visit the NIH on Feb. 3 
to roll out the plan.
Jan. 23, 2003 – Another important meeting in the White House with the same people as 
on Jan. 17 plus Amy Jensen, Ginger Loper.  Putting the final touches on the 3 Bills (a) 
Permanent and indefinite authority, b) Special FDA authorization of products in 
emergency, and c) my special authorities.  Also, discussed plans for President’s visit to 
NIH.  After the meeting, went to see Josh Bolten to get a feel for what the President 
would like to do during his visit.  Josh invited Kristen Silverberg and I into his office to 
meet and talk with Mr. Sandy…… (Ambassador to China) and Bo Derek.  We discussed 
AIDS in China and then Josh and I went out of the room and talked about what the Pres. 
Might want to do.  Apparently he likes to observe technical things, but does not like to 
“sit down and be a prop”.  Went back to EEOB to a going away party for Seth Carus and 
Noreen Hynes.
It appears that Elias Zerhouni is getting uneasy and insecure about my dealings in 
Biot, particularly with the WH connection.  When I dutifully told him today that the Pres 
was coming to NIH, he said that he really needed to become more visible in the arena of 
Biodefense.
Jan. 24, 2003 – More activity back and forth with Gary Edson, Jay Lefkowitz and me on 
the AIDS issue.  It is still alive.  They now want me to bring back Peter Mugyenyi from 
Uganda to meet with Mitch Daniels (and me). 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 70 ---
68
Jan. 26, 2003 – Peter M. arrives from Uganda and Mark Dybul and I prep him for the 
White House visit.  We have late lunch-early dinner at Mark;s house to brief Peter. 
SuperBowl Sunday.
Jan 27, 2003 – We (Peter and I) meet with Mitch Daniels.  Mitch seems genuinely 
moved by Peter’s description of AIDS in Africa and is very deferential to Peter and me.  
Gary and Jay ask that I plan to spend the entire day at the White House on Tuesday, the 
day of the State of the Union Address.  Something is up, not sure.  They even suggest that 
Peter might join a group of VIPs in a satellite site (i.e. White House or EEOB) to watch 
the SOTU address.
Jan. 28, 2003 – One of the most amazing and important days of my life!  Spent the entire 
day (11 hours) at the White House. I arrive at the White House and Gary Edson and Jay 
Lefkowitz inform me that the President has decided to adopt our AIDS Implementation 
plan – the full version!!!  $15 billion over 5 years starting with $2 billion in FY2004.  $10 
billion will be entirely new money including $1 billion to the Global Fund for HIV/AIDS 
Tuberculosis and Malaria.  Peter Mugyenyi will sit next to Laura Bush in her box at the 
Capitol for the speech.  I spend the whole day at the WH proofing the SOTU, fact 
checking, preparing and proofing Qs and As with Jay and Gary.  The WH personnel are 
all congratulating me for pulling this off.  Josh Bolten told me that I am his hero; Karl 
Rove and Andy Card are generously congratulatory towards me.  Gary, Jay, Kristen, 
Josh, et al ask me to stay at the WH to have pizza with them and watch the SOTU 
address. I had to leave at 7:00 PM to prepare for my Senate Hearing on Smallpox the next 
day.  The SOTU was fabulous.  He rolled out BOTH Project BioShield and the AIDS 
initiative – 2 things conceived of and planned by me (with obvious help from many, 
particularly with BioShield).  This has truly been an historic day!
Jan. 29, 2003 – Testified to the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing chaired by 
Arlen Specter. Also present were Sens. Harkin and Murray Hearing on Smallpox 
vaccination plan.  Julie Gerberding and I testified.  Concern on the part of local health 
officials and hospital people that the USG plan does not provide for compensation to 
people injured by receiving the vaccine. Hearing went quite well. Spent the rest of the 
day at the WH doing post SOTU briefings and handling press calls.  I used Jay 
Lefkowitz’s office.  We sent off Peter back to Uganda.  At the end of the day, I briefed 
Ari Fleischer for 1 hour on Project Bioshield.
Jan. 30, 2003 – Testified at the Senate HELP (Health Education Labor and Pensions) 
Subcommittee Hearing with Julie Gerberding again on the subject of smallpox vaccine 
plan.  Issue of compensation came up again.  At the Hearing was Sens. Judd Gregg, Bill 
Frist, Alan Reed, Barbara Mikulski, Hiliary Clinton.  Hearing went well.  Spent rest of 
day at the Department are downtown doing Congressional Briefing to HELP committee 
on Project BioShield and to Secr. Thompson on Smallpox.  Did the CNN Wolf Blitzer 
show with Secr. Thompson, Julie G., Mark McClellan (FDA) and Jerry Hauer on the 
subject of the HHS Biodefense Command Center.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 71 ---
69
Jan. 31, 2003 – Spent most of day at DHHS and the WH.  President gave absolutely 
wonderful speech at the WH to the PACHA (Presidential Advisory Committee of 
HIV/AIDS) and the African Ambassadors.  He truly reflected his commitment and 
passion concerning our moral obligation to do something about HIV/AIDS 
internationally.  He mentioned me specifically.  Interesting that the activists who were 
completely trumped by the POTUS announcement, now can only complain that only $1 
billion of the $10 million new money is going to the Global Fund.
Feb. 1-2, 2003 – Much preparation for the President’s visit to NIH and for the briefing of 
the President on Feb. 3 on BioShield.  Many calls from WH I am asked by WH people to 
fact check things that he will say.  Also, they want me to be responsible for arranging the 
details of his visit to the Vaccine Research Center.  His advance people keep calling me 
and Kristen and others keep asking if everything is going OK.
Feb. 3, 2003 – Another magical day!  In the AM, I brief the POTUS on Project 
BioShield.  Place = Roosevelt Room of the WW.  Present are POTUS, VP Cheney, Tom 
Ridge, Tommy Thompson, Scooter Libby, Condi Rice, Karl Rove, Josh Bolten, Kristen 
Silverberg, Adm Abbott, Ari Fleischer, Dan Bartlett, Ken Bernard, Elias Zerhouni, Carol 
Kuntz, etc.  I played major role in walking him through the Project.
We rush back to NIH to greet him (Flying in on Marine One) at the VRC.  We 
give him a tour and he is smash hit with the staff.  We go over in motorcade to Natcher 
Building where he gives major address.  He specifically mentions me as an old friend and 
someone who he thanks on the part of the country because I have been for many years 
THE general in war on AIDS.   His speech drew applause every time he would mention 
me, Zerhouni,  or AIDS in Africa Plan, but no applause when he spoke of the likely need 
to go to war with Iraq. He leaves and I spend rest of day and also Feb. 4 doing press calls 
to describe in detail Project BioShield.
Feb. 4, 2003 – The world knows that the President’s Plan came from me and I am 
briefing many people.  The WH refers all questions about Project BioShield and The 
President’s AIDS Plan to me  Got a call from Richard Feachem, President of the Global 
Fund for AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria, congratulating me on the Plan, but expressing 
concern that since the USA only put $1 billion new money in the Fund over 5 years that 
now the other countries would be reluctant to contribute more to the fund than the USA.  
I told him emphatically, but in a nice way,  that I disagreed.  The original purpose of the 
Global Fund was not to replace bilateral agreements, but to complement them.  Feachem 
is essentially saying that the other $9 billion in new money does not really count in a 
matching game since we did not put this in the Global Fund.  Unbelievable.  I have now 
told people.  This is not about the Fund or about your particular choice of  how you give 
money.  It is about saying the lives of people in Africa and the Caribbean.
Another looming problem is the Mexico City Agreement which states that 
Foreign NGO who counsels on abortions or who supports the performance (with funds) 
of abortions is not eligible for USG funding.  This might make the implementation of the 
Plan through NGOs difficult.  Also, I need to check with the US Trade Representative 
about the generics and breaking patents.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 72 ---
70
Feb. 6, 2003 – Snow storm in DC.  Went out to dinner with Stew Simonson and driving 
back home from Etrusco’s restaurant on DuPont Circle I hit a patch of ice on Cathedral 
Ave., spun around twice and broad sided a telephone pole. No other cars or people 
involved.  I was unhurt and drove my wrecked car home.  Luckily it still ran since only 
the side doors (passenger side) were destroyed.
Feb. 6 – 12, 2003 – Much briefing of White House and Congressional staff on Project 
BioShield and the President’s AIDS plan.  Much, much activity.  The WH wants me in 
on all briefings.
Feb. 13, 2003 – Delivered Plenary lecture at the 10th Conference on Retroviruses and OIs 
in Boston.  Spoke on Role of viremia in host abnormalities.  Very well received; it was 
hard core basic science, which was in sharp contrast to the publicity that I have been 
getting for the policy issues.
Returned in early afternoon to go to WH to brief Congressional leaders on Project 
BioShield.  Received secret briefing from CIA Torrey Froscher (Deputy Director, 
WINPAC, CIA).  Present were Admr Stephen Abbott, Tom Ridge, Tommy Thompson, 
Jim Capretta, Kristen Silverberg, Chris Cox  and Ginger Poers (Special Assistants to the 
president for Leg Affairs), Sens Gregg, Congressmen Burr, Turner Cox, Tauzin, Sen 
Collins; Sally Stansfield, Stewart Simonson, Carol Kuntz.  The President walked in 
during the meeting and greeted the Congressmen and gave me a special warm greeting 
saying that the “A” team was there.  He now has his special name for me.  It is not Tony 
or Dr. Fauci it is “Fauci”.
Feb. 13, 2003 – Received wonderful FAX from Bono congratulating me on the AIDS 
initiative.  Referred to us as “partners in crime”.  Did more briefings on the hill as well as 
briefing of activists Paul Davis, Asia Russell, Rachel Cohen (MSF) on the Pres. initiative.  
Still much concern out there that we did not put all of the money in the Global Fund.  
Yet, the Global Fund has not really done anything yet.
Also, issues such as generic drug purchase and the Mexico City Agreement 
(MCA) have come up.  Importantly, Jay Lefkowitz is supporting my view that even if 
organizations would not qualify to receive USG funds because they are not in accordance 
with the MCA, i.e. they do counseling that encourages abortion or they actually do 
abortions, they can in fact receive funds as long as they use them for treatment and not 
abortion performance or counseling.  Major victory for me if Jay supports me since 
otherwise many groups would be disqualified to participate in the  AIDS implementation 
plan.  Also, according to the TRIPS (Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property 
Rights) agreement, the WTO countries would not permit breaking of patents or use of 
generic.  However, in paragraph 6 of the Doha Ministerial Declaration on the TRIPS, 
members could use “compulsory licensing themselves or have a third party compulsory 
license for them to make drugs in the case of an epidemic emergency such as AIDS, 
malaria, TB, cholera, Ebola, etc. so long as certain conditions are met such as this must 
be in poor countries and drugs cannot be sold back to rich countries.  Thus, the TRIPS 
agreement will not interfere with our giving money to poor countries to buy generic or 
compulsory licensed drugs.  Please refer to TRIPS and Doha documents.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 73 ---
71
Feb. 14 – Mar. 2 – I have been leading (with Stew Simonson and occasionally Mark 
McClellan (FDA) many, many briefings of senators, Congressmen and staffers on Project 
BioShield.  The WH has proposed our legislation.  Zerhouni is acting extremely insecure 
and (I believe) inappropriate regarding the mentioning of NIAID in the authorizing 
legislation for BioShield. He and Stew and having a terrible fight since Stew insists that 
NIAID remain in the language. I am trying not to get caught in the middle.  
A few days ago, I presented the Jimmy and Rossalyn Carter Award of the NFID 
to former Congressman John Porter.
Mar. 3, 2003 – Had dinner with Senator Bill Frist in his Majority Leader’s Office in the 
Capitol.  He regularly (on Mondays) brings together people with whom he likes to 
discuss various topics.  This time it was bioterrorism.  Besides me was Herb Pardes, 
Mark Halperin (NBC News), Stuart Taylor (Editor, National Journal), Georges Benjamin 
(Director, American Public Health Assoc), Bill Madia (Oak Ridge), Rev. Anthony Davis 
(Director, DC Black Church Initiative), Michael Byrne (Dept. of Homeland Security, 
Coordinator for DC, MD, and VA) and Ginny Wolfe (Counselor to Sen. Frist).
Mar. 3 – 10, 2003 – Many briefings on Project BioShield.  Most recent on Mar. 10 at the 
White House with the usual cast of people, i.e. Kristen Silverberg, Ken Bernard, Carol 
Kuntz, Stew Simonson, Tom Reilly (OMB), some people from DHS and OMB.
Mar. 12, 2003 – Conference call with me connected to about 50 industry people 
organized by John Kelly of PhRMA to explain BioShield to them.  Always a concern 
about anti-trust laws and so the General Counsel for PhRMA (Ken Ewing) made sure that 
no questions were asked by industry that would violate this.
2003 March 12 
Teleconference on Pr   
Stewart Simonson told me yesterday that he resigned because of serious clash 
with Jerry Hauer.  I offered him a job at NIAID that he was very moved by.  Got a call 
today that Secretary Thompson insisted that he does not resign.  Stew gave in to TGT.
Mar. 13 – 16, 2003 – We are getting closer to war with Iraq.  The French, Germans, and 
Russians are threatening to block any attempt on the part of the USA to have the UN pass 
a resolution that if Iraq does not immediately comply with Resolution 1441 and disarm, 
the UN will use force to disarm them.  USA, Britain and Spain may go it alone.
I am extremely concerned about the appearance in Asia (Hong Kong, Quangdong 
Province in China, Vietnam, Thailand, Singapore of a mysterious acute respiratory 
syndrome.  Thus far 400 people, 150 in last week, 9 deaths.  We have no idea what it is, 
but the attack rate nosocomially is very high.  More than 30 health workers in Hanoi got 
infected from a single patient.  Many people on respirators.  The new disease is called 
Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS).
On evening of March 16, had a great dinner at Galileo’s in DC.  Host was Bono 
who is in town to receive an award on St. Patrick’s day (March 17).  Small dinner at 
which Bono paid very kind tribute to me for putting together the President’s Emergency 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 74 ---
72
Plan for AIDS Relief.  At dinner were Chris Grady, Bono, Sens. Leahy, Dodd, Santorum, 
Steve Case and wife Jean, Comedian Chris Tucker, Josh Bolten and girlfriend (?name), 
Jamie Drummond, Bobbie Schriver, Cardinal ? from DC, Father Perry and others.
Mar. 17, 2003 – Gala St. Patrick’s Day dinner and Award Ceremony from The Ireland 
American League at the National Building Museum.  Humanitarian Award to Bono.  
Chris and I sit at Bono’s Table as his guest. Bono recognizes me in his acceptance 
speech.  
Pres. Bush gives Saddam Hussein 48 hours to leave Iraq or we will attack.
Mar. 18, 2003 – Senate passes Project BioShield Bill.  I hold meeting on 
Medical/Chemical Biodefense Research at the Bethesda Hyatt as a sequel to February 26 
meeting on Radiological Biodefense.  I am trying to frame the landscape of this to pursue 
an appropriate research agenda.
Mar. 19, 2003 – Bombing of Iraq begins.
Mar. 19-28, 2003 – Major focus on war. Push towards Bagdad; massive precision 
bombing; Iraqi irregulars have executed GIs on El Azeera TV to the horror and anger of 
USA; 
SARS is getting out of control.  1500 cases and 53 deaths worldwide.  At first, 
investigators isolated a paramyxovirus (metapneumovirus) at first seen on EM.  
However, this may have been a mistake since several groups led by CDC are now finding 
an unusual form of coronavirus (common cold).
Briefed the VP on SARS and recent cardiac complication of smallpox vaccine via 
teleconference.
March 27 – Testified with Secretary Thompson on Project BioShield at the House 
Energy and Commerce Committee.  Several members (mostly Democrat) are balking at 
the mandated appropriations authority.  They are reluctant to give up the power of the 
purse.
March 28, 2003 - I gave a talk on Bioterrorism at the American Dental Association 
meeting in DC on March 28.  The last person to come to the microphone to ask a 
question after my talk said that he had waited many years to publicly address me.  He 
related that in 1979, his 7 year old daughter was gravely ill on a respirator with a diffuse 
autoimmune-like disease that her doctors could not figure out.  She was moribund and 
they were about to give up on her.  A doctor said that there was only one doctor in the 
country that he thought could come up with something and so they called me.  
Apparently, I spent over an hour on the phone walking through with them a plan for the 
patient that included plasmapheresis together with cytoxan and prednisone.  Within days, 
his daughter began improving, got off the respirator, spent over a year in rehab, graduated 
high school, went to Barnard College, graduated first in her class, became a Ph.D. 
pathologist, got married and had a child.  She is entirely well now.  He said that he just 
wanted to thank me publicly for “saving his daughter’s life”.  The audience gave me and 
him a standing ovation.  It was one of the most moving things that I had experienced.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 75 ---
73
March 29 – April 1, 2003 – It is hitting the fan.  SARS is getting out of control.  More 
than 1800 cases and 62 deaths worldwide.  3.6% mortality.  Clusters of cases appearing 
mostly in Hong Kong and China.  Now there are 17 countries.  USA has 72 cases in 27 
states – no deaths yet.  It appears that it is spread by respiratory droplets, but also recent 
evidence that by fine aerosal and objects – not unlike other coronaviruses.
I will brief the POTUS this week on SARS.  The war in Iraq is raging with troops 
engaging the Republican guard close to Bagdad.  More myocarditis complications with 
smallpox vaccine.  What a week so far!!!
April 4, 2003 – Big day!  US army captures Iraq International Airport.  I testify before 
the House Government Reform Committee on the subject of Project BioShield.  Mark 
McClellan testifies with me.  The House (Shays, Waxman, Chairman Case generally 
support the concept of BioShield, but have some concerns such as with the “permanent” 
and indefinite Appropriations Authority.  After the Hearing I, together with Julie 
Gerberding and Tom Ridge, brief President Bush, Laura Bush, VP Cheney, and the 
senior White House Staff on SARS and Smallpox vaccine program.  We bring executive 
order to the POTUS on quarantine for SARS and he signs it.  At meeting are Josh Bolten, 
Karl Rove, Ari Fleischer, Richard Falkenrath, Adm Steve Abbott,, etc.  POTUS and VP 
as usual very warm and complimentary to me and to Julie.  After the meeting, I spoke 
with Josh Bolten and volunteered to go to Iraq for the President if the Iraqis use 
biological, chemical or radiological weapons on our troops.  I offered this to allow a 
public appreciation of the link (my being a civilian health authority) between Iraq and the 
danger of bioterrorism against the USA civilian population.
April 5-9, 2003 – Incredibly busy.  I have testified at >6 Congressional Hearings over the 
past few days on SARS, Appropriations, AIDS, Biodefense, etc.  SARS is spreading.  
Have been on many network TV shows discussing SARS – CNN (several different 
shows), Good Morning America, News Hour, CNBC, etc.  Iraq is falling; Bagdad 
occupied by US troops.
April 10, 2003 – Wonderful day.  Went with Chris ( my father, Denise and Jack Scorce 
were also there) to Ellis Island to receive the Ellis Island Family Heritage Award.  Other 
awardees included Yogi Berra, Bob Hope, Cicely Tyson, Abie Abraham (hero of the 
Bataan Death March).  It was a wonderful ceremony with a fantastic video of my history 
including the ship’s manifest with my grandfather Antonio Fauci’s name.
April 11 – 18, 2003 – Iraq war over as troops occupy essentially all of Iraq.  Saddam 
missing as is most of Iraqi leadership.  Much attention now focusing on SARS.  Cases 
now at 3400 with 175 deaths.  Much media interest.  For example, on April 17 alone I 
appeared on Channel 5 News, Diane Rehm Show, Charley Rose, CNN’s Aaron Brown, 
and CNN International in addition to several print media.
April 19, 2003 – Just an unrelated historical note to put all of this in perspective.  My 
daughters are doing marvelously well in school and sports.  All 3 are virtual straight As 
(an occasional A-). Megan and Ali excel in gym and Jenny is doing extremely well in 
multiple varsity sports.  She clearly is the best varsity diver at NCS.  She is on the first 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 76 ---
74
team varsity for cross-country and just this year (junior year) has taken up crew.  She 
loves it and is a starter on the varsity 4 person lightweight boat.  Thus far, they are 3 for 3 
in meets; I saw a meet at the Georgetown Harbor today.
April 20-28, 2003 – War is essentially over. Still no weapons of mass desctruction. Still 
doing an incredible amount of press.  Did This Week with George Stephanopoulos on 
Sunday, 27th April.
April 29, 2003 – Amazing day!!!  Spoke at a Republican leadership lunch at the Senate 
together with VP Cheney.  We were there to promote S-15 (the legislation for BioShield).  
I was extremely warmly received by the Senators with many complements from Sens. 
Frist, Hatch, Stevens.  I presented my thing and then the VP got up and praised me for 
my leadership on Project BioShield and made a few comments on the threats.  We 
(Ginger Loper and I) next took the WH limo to the WH for the President’s ceremony on 
the Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, aimed at drumming up support for the legislation 
for the plan’s funding. The ceremony was supposed to be in the Rose Garden, but was 
moved to the East Room because of weather. The President was wonderful to me, 
specifically winking and saying “Hello Tony” as he was scanning the crowd.  He then 
made the comment in his speech to the group that he wanted to specifically thank me for 
all of my work on behalf of mankind.  After the ceremony, he specifically came down to 
greet people and put his arm around my shoulder and thanked me again for all that I have 
done.  It was a terrific day.
April 30-May 1, 2003 – Much effort on my part in working the Congress (briefing 
Senators and Congressmen and staff) in support of Project BioShield.  Clearly the 
reluctance on the part of the Congress has to do with not wanting to give up the control of 
the “purse” to a mandatory and indefinite appropriations authority.
May 2, 2003 – Did “Field Hearing” in Harrisburg, PA for Sen. Specter on SARS.  He is 
running for re-election and clearly wanted to impress his constituents.  It worked.
May 3, 2003 – Great evening.  I received the “Golden Plate Award” of the Academy of 
Achievement.  It was a Gala affair at the Mellon Auditorium in Washington, D.C. I was 
on a panel chaired by Mike Wallace of “60 Minutes” during the day and had a black tie 
dinner in the evening.  Other awardees were Jose Carreras (did not show), Hillary 
Clinton, Sen. Tom Daschle, Bob Dylan, author and Washington Post columnist Thomas 
Friedman, Rudy Giuliani, Donald Graham (CEO of Washington Post), Baroness Susan 
Greenfield, Dr. Robert Sanger, Leonard Lauder (CEO of Estee Lauder), Trent Lott, John 
McCain, Simon Peres, Franklin Raines, Justice Antonin Scalia, Robert Strauss, 
Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Alvaro Uribe Velez, President of Columbia.
The banquet was attended by all of the Glitterati including President Clinton who 
was the hit of the night, dancing away like crazy .  It was a wonderful time with 
incredible entertainment including Patti Austen, Ray Charles, Aretha Franklin, and 
Chuck Berry who drove the house down.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 77 ---
75
May 3 to 13, 2003 – Spending almost full time working with White House on trying to 
shape the BioShield Legislation with the Senate and House.  I have daily been briefing 
senators (such as Sen. Byrd) and staff of the House as well as members such as Henry 
Waxman, Chris Cox, Fred Upton, etc. on why they should support the President’s (Sen. 
Judd Gregg’s) Bill.  Congress is reluctant to make the purchase authority “Mandatory, 
permanent, and indefinite”  It seems now that we are winning the battle for mandatory, 
but it is going to be tough to get permanent and indefinite.  We will have to settle for a 
cap according to the budget resolution and a sunset at 10 years.  People at the White 
House that I am working closely with are Ginger Loper, Candi Wolff, Carol Kuntz, Ken 
Bernard, Chris Cox, Mike Allen et al.
Also, during this time I gave the Commencement Address at Emory in front of 
14,000 people and received an honorary degree.
May 14 – 20, 2003 – Continued doing Congressional briefings and Hearings on 
BioShield and SARS.  The epidemic is appearing to come under control.  Spent sometime 
today (May 20) helping the White House write the POTUS speech on the AIDS initiative. 
Wonderful thing happened yesterday.  The WH is planning a signing ceremony for the 
AIDS Bill ($15 billion authorization).  It was originally schedule for May 28.  I wrote an 
e-mail to Gary Edson and Jay Lefkowitz saying that I had to give the Commencement 
Address at SUNY Downstate on May 28 and if it occurred then, would they send my 
regrets to the POTUS.  Jay responded by e-mail that since I was the honored guest, they 
will change the ceremony to May 27.  Amazing!
May 20 – 27, 2003 – Busy time for Bioshield and giving Commencement Addresses 
(Emory, Albany Medical, Univ. of MD and SUNY Downstate) and receiving honorary 
degrees (Emory, Albany, Univ. MD, Yale).  Major article (feature piece) on me in the 
weekend edition of The Financial Times; mostly very flattering with the usual few 
jealous comments from “unamed sources”.
May 28, 2003 – Historic day.  President Bush signs the Authorizing legislation for the 
President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief in the Dean Acheson Auditorium of the 
State Department.  Again, he specifically thanked me in his speech for my work on AIDS 
and for being there.  I was given a “seat of honor” in the first row.  In his speech the 
President used word-for-word the sentence that I composed for him describing the 
initiative as the “largest single up-front commitment in history to an international public 
health initiative involving a single disease”
May 31, 2003 – Extraordinary feature article on me in The Financial Times with full 
page picture and complimentary story.
June 8, 2003 – Feature story on me in the nationally syndicated Parade Magazine of The 
Washington Post. 
June 8-18, 2003 – Continued activity and briefings, conference calls concerning the 
Bioshield Legislation.  White House still relying me on pushing the prospect of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 78 ---
76
mandatory versus discretionary funding for Bioshield.  Also a number of network and 
CNN TV appearances on emerging disease including SARS and monkey pox.
June 18, 2003 – Went to West Wing of WH to brief General John Gordon the new 
Director of the WH Office of Homeland Security and Special Assistant to the President 
for Terrorism.  I briefed him on what the NIH Biodefense Research Agenda was.  Good 
guy.  We had a nice discussion.
Also, delivered a standing room only Grand Rounds at the Lipsett Auditorium on 
SARS.
June 19, 2003 – Appeared on a panel at the Council of Foreign Relations with Ted 
Koppel (Chair), Patti Stonesifer (Gates) and Senator Durbin to discuss “Are we prepared 
to deal with global pandemics?”.
June 20, 2003 – Appeared on CNN’s Lou Dobbs show to discuss emerging and re-
emerging diseases.
July 2, 2003 – Attended White House ceremony for the announcement of Randall Tobias 
as the Coordinator of the President’s Emergency Program for AIDS Relief.  Randy is 
former CEO of Lilly.  Pres. (as usual) mentioned me and said that it was an honor to have 
me there.  I strongly recommended to TGT that Mark Dybul be appointed in the State 
Department to the new program to help Joe O’Neill who was clearly emerging as the 
second in command.
July 2 – 7, 2003 – Much attention paid to post-war guerilla action in Iraq with several 
USA service people getting killed in terrorist/guerilla action.
July 8, 2003 – Attended meeting in Situation Room of the White House chaired by 
Richard Falkenrath. Attending were Deputies of all of the relevant agencies, Carol Kuntz, 
Ken Bernard, Jorge Tavel, Bob Kadlac etc.  Purpose was to agree upon a long range Plan 
for SARS called CONPLAN.  Also, discussed revamping the organizational structure 
among the various Agencies for a coherent Biodefense Agenda.
Appeared on CNBC’s Capitol Report with Alan Murray and Gloria Borger to 
discuss the President Bushes Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief.  I had the opportunity to 
praise the POTUS for his leadership in this Plan.  
July 9, 2003 – Visited new AIDS Coordinator for the Plan (Randall Tobias) at the State 
Dept. and briefed him on how the President’s Plan came about and how I suggest he 
implement it.  I strongly suggested that he get Mark Dybul to work for him since Mark 
was so important in putting the details of the plan together.
July 12-18, 2003 – Trip to Paris for the 2nd Annual International AIDS Society (IAS) 
meeting.  I gave the “Extraordinary Plenary” lecture on Monday, July 14 on the topic of 
“HIV and AIDS: 20 Years of Science”.  I was immediately followed by Nelson Mandela 
who gave a lecture on the societal aspects of 20 years of AIDS.  My talk was extremely 
well received; many said that it was the best talk that they had ever heard me give.  There 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 79 ---
77
were >5000 people in the main auditorium at the Palais de Congres in Paris.  Of 
particular note was the fact that prior to leaving for Paris, Dr. Brian Brink who is the 
Senior Vice President for Health of  Anglo American Corporation, a gold mining firm in 
South Africa had contacted me.  Brian is an advisor to Mr. Mandela on HIV/AIDS and 
was asked to write Mandela’s speech for the meeting.  Brian called me and asked for 
suggestions about what Mandela should say.  I mentioned to Brian that Mandela had been 
seriously criticizing Pres. Bush for the Iraq war and that it would be very important for 
Mandela to publicly congratulate and praise Bush for the $15 billion Emergency Plan for 
AIDS Relief.  I said that Mandela would lose credibility if he did not do this. I even made 
up a paragraph for him to put into the speech.  Brian agreed, but said there was no 
guarantee that Mandela would actually include it in the speech.  To my great pleasure, 
Mandela included the paragraph practically word-for-word.  I let Jay  Lefkowitz  know 
about this by e-mailing him from Paris.  Jay was very pleased and said that he would 
mention this to the President.
July 19-30, 2003 – Have had a number of briefings with TGT as well as the VP’s staff 
(Carol Kuntz et al) on various subjects such as smallpox, anthrax, SARS, etc.  
Constituencies still upset that NIAID will have to do advanced development and some 
procurement of rPA anthrax vaccine to the tune of about $250 million even though the 
Congress removed the $250 million from our budget that OMB put in to do this.  Josh 
Bolten (now OMB Director, replacing Mitch Daniels) has allowed us to spend this over 2 
years instead of 1 year.  Nonetheless it will be a burden.  There are philosophical 
questions here regarding how much advanced development should be done by NIAID 
versus the drug companies.  We are trying to allow BioShield to pay for some of the 
advanced development instead of limiting it just to the actual procurement of 
countermeasures.
August 1, 2003 – Briefing at the White House.  Two parts to the briefing.  Jorge Tavel 
and Heather Wingard of CIA briefed on threat assessments and I briefed on 
Countermeasure Development.  Present at briefing were:  Carol Kuntz, Stewart 
Simonson, Andrew Hallman (CIA), Heather Wingard (CIA), Dr. McCreary (DHS), Bill 
Parrish (DHS), Parney Albright (DHS), Sally Stanfield (DHS), Ken Bernard (OHS), 
Jorge Tavel (OVP), Richard Falkenrath (for while, OHS), Julie Gerberding (CDC)
Carol was very pleased with my presentation as I touched on all of the points that 
we had previously discussed with the Vice President such as genetically modified 
organisms, botulism, etc.
August 1 – 21, 2003 – Summertime lull.  Usual issues.  Zerhouni pushing his “Roadmap” 
agenda .  Few people can figure out what it really is and how it will be implemented.  
IOM report on the “Structure of NIH” came out.  As usual, they commented on things 
that they were not asked to comment on.  They pushed having greater resources in the 
Office of the NIH Director and having more “high risk” research to be managed out of 
the OD as well as trans-NIH research planned out of the OD.  Seems like Zerhouni wrote 
the report.  Also, and amazingly, they recommend 5 year term limits for IC Directors 
with the possibility of only 1 five year renewal.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 80 ---
78
August 21, 2003 – Hrant Semerjian performed Transurethral Indigo Laser surgery on my 
prostate for BPH.  No fun having a catheter in for 4 days.  Need to wait to see if clinical 
result (i.e decreased obstruction and sxs) is good.
August 28, 2003 – Showed General John Gordon (Director of White House Office of 
Homeland Security) around NIAID , i.e. Vaccine Research Center where Gary Nabel and 
I gave him a tour and also Building 40 with Brian Murphy.  Gordon loved it and was 
quite impressed.  With us were Stewart Simonson and Ken Bernard.
August 29, 2003 – Briefing of General Gordon in Situation Room of White House on 
update of biodefense efforts.  DoD also briefed as did Parney Albright of DHS.  I have a 
new friend in General Gordon.
August 30 – Sept.7, 2003 – Usual stuff going on.  Will return to WH to brief Gen. 
Gordon again since he asked about my concerns where I had mentioned the gaps in 
Chem. and Rad. Biodefense during my last visit to the WH.  Also, have been discussing 
with Bob Kadlec  the possibility of going to Iraq with him to visit the medical people and 
establish contacts.  Moral at NIH very low due to the lack of clarity of Elias Zerhouni as 
to exactly what he is trying to with “The Roadmap”.  I am doing quite well post-op from 
the prostate laser surgery.  All systems working well.  Anxious to see what the long-term 
results/improvement will be.  Am looking forward to accomplishing much this Fall.
Sept. 11, 2003 – Briefed General John Gordon in the West Wing of the WH on our plans 
for Chem/Rad/Nucl countermeasure research.  Also, the question of the “breakthrough” 
by Craig Venter in synthesized the Phi X bacteriophage in 10 days.  DoE is selling this as 
a major breakthrough and the WH has reacted by wanting to restrict the research 
dissemination.  I argued that this is important, but it is not a conceptual breakthrough, 
only a derivative improvement in technology that is already widely disseminated in 
Biotech companies and private scientists.  I argued for transparency as well as cultivating 
a culture of responsibility among scientists by a RAC-type approach to this research.  
Present at the briefing was Gen. Gordon, Stewart Simonson, Ken Bernard, Fran 
Townsend (Deputy to Gen. Gordon and former CIA Associate Director).  They loved the 
briefing.  They want me to brief the deputy secretaries tomorrow and Andy Card next 
week.
Sept. 12, 2003 – Gave another briefing in the Situation Room of the White House to 
General John Gordon.  Present were Ken Bernard, Carol Kuntz, Robert Card (Deputy 
Secretary of DoE), Ari Patrinos, Phil Russell, Larry Kerr, Harriet Meiers – Deputy to 
Andy Card.  Topic was the Craig Venter situation.  I presented the facts and pushed for 
an NIH RAC-like approach and argued again for transparency and cultivating a culture of 
responsibility.  Adjourned with Carol Kuntz to her office and discussed the anthrax threat 
and the capabilities of Al Quaeda in this regard.  Will brief the VP within a couple of 
weeks on a progress report of biodefense at NIH.
Sept. 17, 2003 – Another briefing in the White House Situation Room for Gen Gordon 
regarding Venter issue.  DoE did the briefing (Ari Patrinos) and I presented the proposal 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 81 ---
79
of having the NIH Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee (RAC) serve as a mechanism 
to provide a “culture of responsibility” among scientists similar to what was done in the 
mid-1970s. At the briefing was the usual people – Gen Gordon, Ken Bernard, Richard 
Falkenrath, Carol Kuntz, several DoE people, WH communications people, etc.  Decision 
was to put together a briefing for the Secretaries.
Sept. 18 –19, 2003 – Went to NYC to give Plenary Lecture at the AIDS Vaccine 2003 
meeting.  While I was there, Hurricane Isabel hit Washington, D.C. and there was 
widespread devastation with major power outages (3 million people in DC, VA, and MD 
without power).  Power not expected to be restored for at least 1 week. 
Sept. 24, 2003 – Power back finally.
Sept. 25, 2003 – White House meeting with Jay Lefkowitz, Gary Edson, Mark Dybul, 
Joe O’Neill, Carol Thompson to discuss the controversy regarding $2 Billion versus $3 
billion in FY ’04 for the President’s $15 billion, 5 year plan.  Bono and other activists 
want a full $3 billion in ’04.  However, if we did that, then we would put less in ’05, ’06, 
etc.  I recommended to Jay et al to stick with the Plan and leave flexibility to match other 
funds by 1/3.  See below my e-mail to Jay from 9/25/03:
Jay/Gary:
Just a recap of my suggestion from this afternoon for your consideration.  Mark was on 
the same page on this also. I believe that we must remind people and strongly underscore that 
the President's Plan is a $15 billion program over 5 years involving 14 countries. Within the 
context of such a plan (we must emphasize this point), the best way to spend the money and 
thus to save the most lives is by phasing in with $2 billion in the first year and more than $3 billion 
per year in subsequent years.  We all realize that more money can be spent globally on AIDS and 
thus more lives can be saved. This is a no-brainer.  We never said that the President's Plan of 
itself would cover all of global AIDS.  We should not get into an "absorptive capacity" argument 
since no matter how clear we are, people will confuse absorptive capacity in the President's Plan 
of 14 countries and absorptive capacity for the rest of the developing world.
I suggest that we take a 2 pronged approach. 1) We stick with the President's Plan as it 
has been outlined, and; 2) We publicly recognize that more money can indeed be spent on AIDS 
globally.  We are hoping that other countries will follow the President's lead and put more money 
into programs either bilaterally or through the Global Fund. In fact, we are willing to go the extra 
mile and to contribute 1/3 of the global effort if other countries rise to the occasion. In '03, the 
world total was $3.6 billion with $1.4 billion by us (39%).  Since we are giving $2 billion in '04, the 
rest of the world should give $4 billion.  If the rest of the world gives more than $4 billion, we will 
match them by 1/3.  Thus, if they want us to give $3 billion in '04, the rest of the world must total 
$6 billion.  If this happens (which it will not), then we will put the additional money into a mix of 
Global Fund and other countries (beyond the original 14) bilaterally. In this way we show 
leadership and flexibility.  If no one else gives an additional penny, we still are committed to the 
President's Plan as we have outlined.  If other countries meet the above mentioned benchmarks, 
then we are flexible enough to match them by 1/3.  Finally, if the Congress appropriates a couple 
of hundred million over the $2 billion and the President signs such a Bill, we would give that 
additional money to the Global Fund and/or additional countries and back up our contention that 
our funding plan for the 14 countries is indeed sound.
I would be happy to discuss this further with you.
Thanks,
Tony 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 82 ---
80
Sept. 26, 2003 – White House meeting on Bioshield with the usual suspects – Stewart Simonson, 
Jorge Tavel, Ken Bernard, Bill Winkenwerder, Larry Kerr, etc.  We are getting ready for finalizing 
the legislation.  After the meeting in the EEOB, I went over to the West Wing to see Richard 
Falkenrath.  NIAID will be awarding 2 NBLs (BSL-4 labs) and  9 RBLs (BSL-3 labs) on Sept. 30.  I 
have been getting incredible lobbying pressure from people like Sen. Hillary Clinton and others 
for their state or district sites.  Chicago is in the running for an NBL and the President is going to 
Chicago on Sept. 30.  The WH wants me to delay the announcement until 2:00 PM after the 
President leaves Chicago since Chicago got an RBL, but not an NBL and the WH wanted to 
avoid any embarrassment for the President to be there when bad news arrived.
Oct. 7, 2003 – Briefing in the Situation Room of the White House for Andy Card on the 
Craig Venter issue of synthesizing microbes.  Also at the meeting were:  Tommy 
Thompson, Spencer Abraham (Secr. Of DoE), Dan Bartlett; General Gordon; Ken 
Bernard, Harriet Miers (Card’s Deputy), Bob Card from DoE, Ray Auerbach (DoE), 
Bruce Alberts (NAS), Gerry Fink giving summary of Fink Report on “Biotechnology 
Research in an Age of Terrorism”, which is an NAS/NRC report; Stewart Simonson; 
Carol Kuntz; Larry Kerr;   I have essentially been adopted by the WH to be the one who 
explains the science of Venter’s work.  This, I was the major briefer. Also, I have been 
spearheading the NIH effort to create a subcommittee of the RAC to provide the “culture 
of responsibility” for the scientific community on these issue similar to the 1970s with 
the RAC following the Asilomar Meeting in 1974.
Oct. 13, 2003 – Went to White House ceremony (President’s speech) and reception to 
commemorate Columbus Day.  The President specifically greeted me in his remarks 
saying how proud he was of how I was the General in the Global War on AIDS.  After 
the ceremony, I ran into Josh Bolten in the hallway of the EEOB.  He asked about my 
opinion of the controversy of $2 billion versus $3 billion in FY ’04 for the President’s 
Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief.  Bono has been giving the WH a hard time saying that 
the President was reneging on his promise when in fact he promised $15 billion over 5 
years staring with $2 billion in ’04 (see above).  He specifically asked my opinion of how 
Randy Tobias was doing as the new AIDS head of the program.  He indicated that he did 
not think that there was anything wrong, but that he was getting the vague feeling that 
things were not moving along as aggressively as he thought that they would be.  He asked 
me to quietly check it out.
Oct. 16, 2003 – Had breakfast (at his invitation) with Jay Lefkowitz at the White House 
Mess to say goodbye.  He is leaving as Director of  Domestic Policy Council to return to 
his law firm in its NYC branch.  He will likely return after 2 years for the President’s 2nd 
term (if this occurs).  We had a great conversation in which he mentioned how honored 
he was to work with me on the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, the MTCT 
plan and to a lesser extent on the stem cell issue.  I sincerely told him that he was second 
to none in people that I have worked with at the WH over the past 19 years.  He asked my 
help in making sure that the AIDS Plan does not get derailed by the mischief of USAID 
in trying to lobby the legislation such that power is taken away from Randy Tobias and 
he would not be given an independent account.
Oct. 17, 2003 – Went to going away reception in Indian Treaty Room of EEOB at White 
House in honor of Jay Lefkowitz.  Great time just talking to the White House crew and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 83 ---
81
others that I have gotten to know over the past 2+ years: Jay, Margaret Spelling, Kristen 
Silverberg (just back from Iraq and will replace Jay), Karl Rove, Scooter Libby, Josh 
Bolten, Ginger Loper (WH Leg. Affairs), Terrell Halaska, Allen Gilbert, Mark McClellan 
(FDA), Scott Whitaker, Ladd Wiley, Alex Lazar, etc. 
Oct. 24, 2003 – Met with Sen. Barbara Mikulski to try to convince her not to support 
Rep. Chris Van Hollen’s attempt to block the construction of the biodefense building 
(Bldg. 33) on the NIH campus and move it to Ft. Detrick.  He keeps calling it a bioterror 
building. She was sympathetic, but indicated that we must engage the community more.  
Fact is….we have been doing this, but a very recalcitrant few do not want to building on 
campus no matter what.  This is the same group that did not want to fence put up around 
NIH.  This is a political issue since Van Hollen made 2 campaign promises: 1) no fence; 
and 2) no biodefense building. He already lost the first and does not want to lose the 
second.  We will try to work with him.  Also present at the meeting were several of 
Mikulski’s staff, Elias Zerhouni, John La Montagne, and Marc Smolonsky.  Also, I 
hosted Julie Gerberding to deliver the NIAID Joseph Kinyoun Lecture and then took her 
to dinner with John La Montagne, Ed Tramont, Pamela McInnes.
Oct. 25, 2003 – Had biodefense strategizing meeting at Wye River Conference Center 
run by Richard Danzig.  Discussed issues related to dealing with mass casualties.  The 
usual suspects were there – DA Henderson, Julie Gerberding, David Franz, Michael 
Osterholm, Bill Patrick, C.J. Peters, George Tavel, people from DoD, FBI, CIA, etc.
Oct. 27, 2003  - Had a Policy Coordinating Committee for an “end-to-end” analysis of 
biodefense responsiveness at the White House EEOB.  Meeting run by Ken Bernard and 
Bob Kadlec.  Attended by all the usual suspects from each agency – CIA, FBI, DHS, 
HHS, OMB, OVP, etc.
     After the meeting I met with Bob Kadlec about the possibility of going to Iraq to 
interact with the medical and research community.  Apparently, the copies of HPIM-15 
that I had sent to Iraq through Kristen Silverberg were a smash hit and the Iraqis want 
very much for me to go to Iraq.  However, over the past few weeks there has been a great 
escalation of insurgency and terrorism with many suicide bombings and rocket and rocket 
propelled grenade attacks on both military and civilian targets.  It appears that the 
terrorists are targeting the Iraqis who are cooperating with the USA in trying to rebuild 
the country.  Kadlec does not trust the security associated with the ministries of health to 
provide for my safety.  He actually feels that if word gets out that I am coming that I 
would be targeted by snipers.  He feels that if I go, he will arrange for CIA operatives to 
get me into the country and move around “under the radar” and that CIA operatives 
would provide my security.  We decided to wait a few weeks before resuming plans 
about going to Iraq and consider going in January/February.  Bob will have to go there at 
this time anyway to continue search for weapons of mass destruction.
Oct. 29, 2003 – Met with Ray Gilmartin (CEO of Merck) and Adel Mahmoud (Merck) to 
discuss ways that Merck can collaborate with NIAID in AIDS and in biodefense.  Great 
meeting.  Also, discussed how Merck can interact with BioShield process.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 84 ---
82
Nov. 3, 2003 – Carol Kuntz informed me that the Vice President wants me to brief him 
on what we are doing with Rad/Nucl research and countermeasures.  This is tough since 
this is not really my issue; however, the VP wants it and so we will put something 
together for him
Nov. 5, 2003 – Meet in my conference room with Israeli Ambassador to the USA – 
Daniel Ayalon to discuss potential for collaborations with Israel.  We got along very 
well; he is quite engaging.  We discussed scientific collaboration as well as our difficult 
situation in Iraq with the insurgency and terrorism.
Nov. 6, 2003 – Meeting at the EEOB (White House) to discuss how I will brief the VP on 
Nov. 20, 2003.  VP wants me to take care of the Nucl/Rad countermeasure situation since 
he does not have confidence in the scattered others.  Issue is that this is not my primary 
area of expertise.  He wants me to do it anyway.  Nice compliment, but this will be a lot 
of work.
Also, Anthrax situation evolving at Anacostia Naval Post Office.  Possibly 
contaminant.
Nov. 7, 2003 – Still sorting out the likely anthrax contaminant at the Anacostia Post 
office. 
 Met in my office today with Zackie Achmat the South African activist who last 
year refused to be treated with ART for his HIV because the S. African government was 
not providing treatment for the rest of the country.  He is a very gentle person and a true 
hero.  He just wanted to come and meet with me. 
Nov. 13, 2003 – Met with the PCC (Policy Coordinating Committee) regarding the 
response to the Fink report.  The PCC adopted for the most part the responses of the 
DHHS to the Fink report.  We (Stewart Simonson, Stuart Nightingale, Amy Patterson, 
Lana Skirboll, John La Montagne) have been working on DHHS’s response for several 
weeks now.
Also, I was on conference call this afternoon with Secret Service, DHS, DHHS, 
FBI regarding a letter that contained ricin that was sent to Greenville, SC; however, now 
a letter addressed to the White House also containing ricin has been discovered.  The 
discussions among the Secret Service, FBI, Department of Transportation, etc. is chaos.  
It is somewhat embarrassing.  The discussion centered around the investigation and not 
the public health issues until DHHS (Bob Blitzer) brought up the fact that we really need 
to find out who might have been exposed.  This phone call was like the Keystone Cops!
Nov. 14, 2003 – Continual conference calls regarding the ricin incident.  It turns out that 
someone crushed some castor beans and stuck crude material into an envelope to 
blackmail the Dept. of Transportation.  Letter was also sent to WH.  Bottom line – no 
health threat.
Nov. 20, 2003 – Went to West Wing of WH to brief VP Cheney on Nuclear and 
Radiological Threat Countermeasures.  As I was crossing Pennsylvania Avenue to enter 
West Wing at 9:30 AM, there was an alarm that a small aircraft had encroached upon 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 85 ---
83
WH airspace.  WH was evaculated and many machine gun armed Federal police 
appeared.  After  a while they let us in, but the VP had already been scooped off to safety 
and so the meeting was cancelled and rescheduled for a few days from now.  President 
Bush was in UK at the time.
Nov. 25, 2003 – Briefed the Vice President  today with Scooter Libby, Stewart 
Simonson, Carol Kuntz and Jorge Tavel in attendence.  I spoke about 
Nuclear/Radiological countermeasures and our need for a strategic plan and the need for 
someone (us – DHHS/NIH) to take the lead in this since the effort is fragmented and 
DoD has been neglecting this area since the end of the Cold War.  I also gave him a 
progress report on our microbial biodefense program.  He loved both presentations and 
related to Carol, (who told me) that the briefing was “very impressive, very impressive, 
in fact great!”  I am still having trouble with Zerhouni who is infuriated that the VP’s 
people are “excluding him” from these briefings.  In fact, they merely maintain that the 
VP does not like crowds and he does not like the chain of command to be present on 
briefings to him.  Zerhouni cannot accept that.  I am trying to explain this to Zerhouni, 
but he is just plain angry.
Nov. 28, 2003 – Significant Influenza A activity already with a variant strain (Fujian) that 
is not contained in current vaccine. This is quite early for heavy burden of influenza 
cases. 4 deaths of children in Colorado.  Concern mounting that we will have a very bad 
year.  I have been on CNN (X2) CNBC and Good Morning America over the past 2 days 
to talk about this.
Dec. 1 – 7, 2003  - Trip to Africa as part of Secr. TGT’s delegation.  Cameroon (fuel stop 
+ ambassador handshake), Zambia, Rwanda, Kenya and Uganda.  Most incredible visit. 
Included Julie Gerberding (CDC), Elias Zerhouni, Randy Tobias (Ambassador for 
President’s Emergency Program for AIDS Relief (PEPAR), Richard Feachim (Director 
of Global Fund for AIDS, Malaria, and TBC),  Peter Piot (UNAIDS), Amb. Richard 
Holbrooke (UN Ambassador for Clinton, now representing business coalitions), Bill 
Winkenwerder (DoD), Senator Don Nichols (R-OK), Congressman Dave Weldon (R-
FL), Linda Conlin (Assist. Secr. For Trade Development, Dept. of Commerce, Ann 
Peterson (USAID), plus many other VIPs plus a large number of CEO-types in industry 
such as Hank McKinnel (CEO-Pfizer), CEO Peter Dolan of BMS, Chris Viehbacher 
(Pres., GSK), John Martin (CEO, Gilead), Per Wold-Olsen (Pres. Merck Europe/Middle 
East/Africa), etc.  In addition, many people from faith-based organizations such as Father 
O’Brien (Pres. Les Aspin Center at Marquette) and Shepherd Smith (Institute for Youth 
Development).  Christy Feig from CNN was on board as was Sabin Russell from San 
Francsico Examiner and Marilyn Marchione from Milwaukee Sentinel. Purpose of the 
visit was fact finding and to get industry involved in economic impact of AIDS in Africa.
      So many incredible aspects to trip with the underlying theme that the Africans 
(particularly in Uganda) are showing that they are ready for implementing the PEPAR 
and the Global Fund (see below the experience in Tororo, Uganda). Also, many new 
friends from the delegation.
Zambia (Dec. 1-2) –  Greeted by US Ambassador Martin Brennan and Zambian 
Minister of Finance and Economic Development Emmanuel Kasonde and Zambian 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 86 ---
84
Minister of Health Brian Chituwo. Stayed at the Zambezi Sun Hotel at the evening had a 
local dinner (open pit outdoor barbecue) at a Boma. Also, walked down to Victoria Falls 
which was absolutely breathtaking. Looked across the Zambezi River to Zimbabwe. 
Participated in a World AIDS Day parade through the city  center of Livingston. Many 
locals came out to greet us. Visited a faith-based organization St. Francis Community 
Home-Based Care Center as well as LISCA Linda Center giving care to children – called 
LISCA. 
 Rwanda (Dec 2-3)  On afternoon of Dec. 2, flew to Kigali, Rwanda and 
immediately went to the Genocide Memorial.  Clearly this was one of the 2 most 
important parts of the trip.  I spoke with many Rwandans who suffered from the genocide 
and the enormity of it really is not appreciated by the world in general.  In 1994, over a 4 
week period in April, the majority Hutus slaughtered 800,000 to 1 million Tutsis while 
the world watched and did nothing.  In fact, the French actually came in to protect the 
Hutus against Paul Kigame’s  (Tutsi) rebel army that came in from Uganda to stop the 
massacre.  I ultimately had an audience with now-President Paul Kagame in the 
Presidential Palace.  We also spoke with many Rwandans whose families escaped.  
(Please refer to history books about the massacre).  Of not, as in my visit to South Africa 
in 2002 vis-à-vis Apartheid, the Rwandan Society in dramatically impacted by the 
genocide.  Most ministers are people who fought together with Kagame to stop the 
genocide.  Those who were there said that atrocities were unimaginable.  Machete-killing 
of tens of thousands of people, women, children per day until bodies cluttered the streets 
and the rivers.  Of note, 13% of the population of 8.2 million are infected with HIV and 
so AIDS potentially will kill more people than the genocide massacre. During visit, met 
with US Ambassador Margaret McMillion. Visited Kabgayi Hospital 1 hour outside of 
Kigali. TGT gave a gift of a cow named “Elroy” (after his hometown in Wisconsin). On 
the previous night (Dec. 2) we had an extraordinary discussion among the delegation.  
We had just received a high red alert that there would be a terrorist attack against US 
interests, particularly hotels and possibly ground to  air missiles at aircraft in Kenya the 
next day. There was a frank discussion at dinner at the Milles-Collines Hotel among 
delegates led by Jay Hodes (chief of DHHS Security) and TGT.  Decision was that 
anyone among government people could opt out and go straight to Uganda skipping 
Kenya; however, all non-government people were bumped off and sent directly to 
Uganda except for a very few like Sabin Russell and some others. I definitely wanted and 
did stay with the group as did Julie Gerberding and Elias Zerhouni.  The Milles Collines 
Hotel was where the Hutu Command post was during the genocide.
The next day we went to Kabgayi (see above), then flew to Entebbe Airport 
Uganda, left off about 70 people and the remaining 25 – 30 went back to Kenya. We 
were flying on a German Charter (same one as last year with German pilot Chris who 
formerly was a Luftwaffe Major).  On the approach to Nairobi airport, Chris slowed 
down for about 15 minutes to “cool” the engine ( to decrease chance of hear-seeking 
missiles) and then dove sharply to the landing field.  All went well.
Kenya (Dec 3-4).  In Kenya, we went to a rather boring Global Coalition Event 
and then had a reception at the residence of US Ambassador William Bellamy.  Security 
was depressing. From the airport, we were escorted downtown by a truck-load of Kenyan 
Army soldiers all with AK47s.  The entire perimeter of the hotel was blocked off to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 87 ---
85
traffic and the hotel road had a truck full of soldiers.  On my floor (room right next to 
TGT) there were 3 armed police throughout the night.
Next day we went by plane to Kisumu, Kenya to tour the HHS Kisian facilities 
run by CDC and Kenya Medical Research Institute. We had a nice lunch at the Kisumu 
Yacht Club on the shores of Lake Victoria.
Uganda (Dec 4-5).  Flew to Entebbe on Dec. 4, then drove to Kampala to join rest 
of delegation. During takeoff from Nairobi Airport, pilot Chris made a very sharp and 
steep turn to the right an up to avoid any possible surface-to-air missiles. Had casual 
dinner and exchanged stories in Sheraton Hotel.
Dec. 5 was clearly the highlight of the trip.  Drove to Tororo (4 hour drive) to 
visit the TASO Program of Home Based AIDS Care (HBAC). We broke up into more 
than 20 groups of 3 to 5 people and were led into the bush by a lead community person 
on a motorcycle.  We followed in a van. Our lead cyclist was a beautiful 25 year old 
Ugandan named Irene Athiene.  She took us to 2 homes (mud and/or brick complexes) 
where TASO clients were in their first few months of ARVs that are delivered to them by 
Irene. In my van was Sabin Russell, Tom Ansfield (Univ. of Wisconsin Medical Center), 
2 others and Alex Coutinho, CEO of TASO.  Coutinho is amazing!!  A true hero.  He 
knew the details of every patient and their families and was truly a man of the land of 
Uganda.  He was totally comfortable in the bush and the clients loved him The first group 
we visited centered around Margaret a 45 yo woman whose was HIV infected and was on 
ARVs for only 4 weeks. She was already gaining weight and some of her ulcers around 
her anus were healing.  She lived with her mother-in law and about 7 children.  Note – 
she was one of 3 wives of the husband who died last year of AIDS.  One of his other 
wives died of AIDS and the other left for Kampala (HIV-status unknown).  Of the 7 
children only 3 were Margaret’s and the others were from the husbands other wives.  She 
had just lost her 1 year old baby to AIDS and 2 of the other children of other wives were 
infected with HIV. She was taking care of all of them with the help of her teen-age 
daughter.  Her 17 yo son helped out by working.  She owns 6 acres, 3 pigs and some 
chickens.  Ugandan women cannot own turkeys.  Her husband stone grave was clearly 
visible on the property.  Her major concern was to stay alive long enough for her 17 yo 
son to become 18 so that he could inherit the land.  It is tradition in Uganda, that when a 
man dies of HIV, when his wife then dies of HIV or anything else, the property goes to 
the brothers-in-law unless there is an adult male in the house.  Margaret’s in-laws have 
been abusing her since her husband died and she did not trust them. The Ugandan 
government under Pres. Museveni is trying to change some of this.  She was a wonderful 
and courageous woman who understood very well what HIV was, what her CD4+ T cell 
count was (10 cells) and how she would need to train her children to avoid infection.  The 
myth that one cannot deliver treatment, prevention and care in rural Africa is just 
nonsense, particularly here in Uganda.   The second home was that of Mary a 40 yo 
woman with a similar story to that of Margaret.  She live in an extended family 
compound of 6 huts.  She too had children (3), but none were infected.  The “co-wife” 
moved to Kampala after the husband’s death.  Also living there is her brother-in-law who 
is infected, her mother-in-law and several children.  Mary is very serious, but incredibly 
dignified.  She is highly intelligent and knows all about her disease (CD4 count, etc. 
179).  TASO is working miracles here.  Also, on Margaret’s land were 2 graves – her 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 88 ---
86
husband and other brother-in-law.  She is not abused by her in-laws and states proudly 
that they love her very much.  It was clear from their reaction that she was correct.
After Tororo, we went to the Grandmother’s (JAJA/Mildmay) house in Jinja, 
Uganda.  This was a beautiful facility that was more a referral facility that a primary care 
place. 
Next day (Dec 6) went to Mulago Hospital grounds and visited the TASO Mulago 
Center for a ribbon cutting of a new building largely built by Pfizer through  a donation 
from Hank McKinnel. It is a beautiful facility. After this we went to Entebbe and visited 
the Uganda Viral Research Institute on Lake Victoria.  I gave a small speech.  The Rakai 
group supported by NIAID gave a booth presentation led by Noah Siwanuka (Spelling?).  
After this we had dinner at the Lake Victoria Hotel in Entebbe and took off for Frankfurt 
right after midnight on Dec. 7 with a fuel stop in Larnaca, Cyprus.
General Comments: See above in Introduction.  Also, in Uganda, CDC program 
director Jonathan (Jono) Mierman was wonderful…very enthusiastic and good-
aggressive person. Also, interacted with Minister of Health Jim Muhwezi. He has an 
interesting history.  He is trained as a lawyer, was a political activist against Idi Amin and 
Mobutu.  Was jailed, shot himself (3 escaped and 1 was killed) out of jail, escaped to a 
hotel that was surrounded by hundreds of troops that were looking for him.  He dressed 
like a woman and slipped away right in front of the soldiers.  He escaped to the North 
where he joined Museveni.  He became a Brigadier General in the Ugandan resistance 
army and after Museveni won, he was made chief of intelligence.  After 10 years there, 
he was made Minister Of Health.  Similar to the Kagane story in Rwanda, practically all 
of the ministers started off as fighters in the resistance army with the person who 
ultimately became President, in this case Museveni.  None of these places are really a 
democracy since opposition parties are generally restricted.  It just happens that 
Museveni is an enlightened President.
Became friends with Tommie Thompson, TGT’s daughter who is very nice.  
Also, developed beginnings of bonding relationships with many people including Sen. 
Nichols, Cong. Weldon, Randy Tobias, Richard Holbrooke and many of the staff at HHS 
that I already knew well, as well as Elias Zerhouni.
As experienced as I am, I was greatly moved by the trip.  I learned much and was 
deeply moved by the experience in Tororo.  I felt so good and yet humbled about my role 
in developing the $15 billion PEPAR program.  It may turn out to be my greatest 
accomplishment.
Dec 7, 2003 – Major scandal at NIH with article in L.A. Times that shows that high NIH 
officials including Steve Katz, John Gallin and others have made hundreds of thousands 
of dollars consulting for pharmaceutical and biotech companies.
Dec. 8-10, 2003 – Much media attention regarding the Fujian strain of influenza and the 
early indications of a bad season with deaths of children in Colorado and elsewhere.  
Vaccine has run out and people are panicking.  83 million doses distributed.  I have 
already been and will be on CNN multiple times, MSNBC, CNBC, CBS, etc.
Dec. 13, 2003 – Saddam Hussein captured by US Army outside of Tikrit, Iraq!!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 89 ---
87
Dec. 16, 2003 – Went to dinner reception at the home of Assistant Secretary of Defense 
for Health Affairs William Winkenwerder in honor of Dr. Khudair Abbas, Health 
Minister of Iraq.  Present among others were Kristen Silverberg (who spent time in Iraq – 
see above regarding the books of HPIM-15 that I sent to Iraq), Ken Bernard, Surgeon 
General Richard Carmona, Congressman Fred Upton,  etc.  Iraqs really want me to go to 
Iraq for moral support of the Iraqi medical establishment and health system.  They were 
all very appreciative of the books that I sent.  It is still very dangerous in Iraq, but I am 
pursuing going with Secretary Thompson in Jan/Feb if possible.
Jan. 21, 2004 – Over the past month a number of issues have arisen.  There have been 3-
4 cases of SARS in China.  The Fujian strain of Influenza A escalated and now is 
declining.  It may be that it was just a moderate year that peaked early and had people 
worrying about it being a catastrophic year.  It may turn out that it was not that bad.  Big 
worry is the appearance of H5N1 with 4-5 cases of jumping from chicken to man in Viet 
Nam and massive chicken illnesses and deaths in Viet Nam, S. Korea and Japan.  We are 
all busy in planning for a potential pandemic flu.  No transmissions from person to 
person.
Also, we had been working on the document in response to the IOM report on 
“dual use” microbes.  We (HSC, DHS, etc) established a Memorandum of agreement and 
a Charter for the National Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity to advise the 
Secretary, HHS, the Director, NIH, and the Secretaries of all of the Agencies involved in 
the conduct and support of potential dual use research in the life sciences.  I presented the 
MOA and the charter to the Deputies in the situation room in the White House.  It was 
well received and will ultimately be signed by the Secretaries.
On the way out of the WH, I saw Margaret Spellings who said that the President 
was talking about me today in that he wanted to be briefed by a group including me and 
Julie Gerberding on prevention of HIV/AIDS by abstinence, be faithful and condoms 
(ABC).
Jan. 21 – Feb. 25, 2004 – Very busy with many issues.  Two Congressional Hearings: 1) 
House Gov. Ops – Pandemic Flu; 2) Full Approp (Senate) on BSE.  Also, much stress 
with situation of outside activities.  I was “interviewed” by Alan Slobodin as was Andy 
von Eschenbach, Francis Collins, Don Lindberg and ethics offices about “lecture 
awards”.  Does not appear to be a problem for me, but they will likely force much greater 
restrictions on outside activities.
White House (Gary Edson) has asked me to put together a proposal for 
eradication of a few “neglected diseases” in developing countries similar to what I did for 
the PEPFAR.
I was very persistent and finally got into TGT’s party to go to Iraq.  I feel almost 
an obligation to do this for my country even though I must admit it is a bit scary. It 
sounds corny, but it is the “Band of Brothers” feeling that I seem not to be able to get 
away from.  I am a visible public servant and this is what I do. This is probably the most 
dangerous situation I will have ever been in.  Will report details when I return.
Feb. 26, 2004 – Leave for Iraq!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 90 ---
88
Feb. 26 – Mar. 1, 2004
Feb. 26 – Left for Amman, Jordan – Iraq on a Gulf Stream air force aircraft from 
Andrews Air Force Base.  Trip purpose – “show the USA flag” in the context of health 
issues and determine whether the USG/DHHS/NIH can do more in the Middle East.  On 
the trip was Secretary Thompson (TGT), Andy von Eschenbach, Bill Steiger, Press- 
Sanjay Gupta, Christy Feig  and Joe Farre (CNN) and Mark Sherman (AP); Security – 
Jay Hodes.  In Amman/Iraq we met Charles Curie (Head, SAMSA), Howard Zucker, Dr. 
David Smith (Humanitarian and Refugee Services), Andy Knapp and Mike Lonetto 
(Security advance), Adm Van der Wagner (USPHS).
We landed in Marka Airfield in Amman and almost immediately changed planes 
to an Air Force C-130 to Baghdad.  This would turn out to be one of the most memorable 
days of my  life.  In the approach to Saddam Airport we did a sharp “corkscrew” landing 
in which it felt like the plane flipped over.  The airforce guys explained that this is the 
way that they avoid shoulder to air missiles as well as sporadic fire from AK 47s.  In 
addition, the airport gets randomly mortared every day.  These are just  pockets of 
insurgents that rarely hit targets, the real targets are the convoys of troops accompanying 
cars (like ours) and isolated troops on patrol, as well as more recently, Iraqi police and 
officials who are trying to rebuild the country.  We went from the airport to the “Green 
Zone” (relatively safe with high security, despite the fact that rocket and mortar attacks 
occur on almost a daily basis; these usually do not hit specific targets, but do cause 
casualties) in Baghdad with several car-loads of Special Forces and DoD Criminal 
Investigation Division (CID) security people and 4 Humvees full of Military police 
manning M-4s and fixed machine guns.  The ride to Baghdad was thrilling and 
frightening.  The alignment of the motorcade was that every time we passed a person(s) 
walking along the highway or a parked car or truck, the special forces car would insert 
themselves between the suspects and TGT's car (I was riding with TGT).  When we 
passed an overpass or a car on our right, the Military police would aim their machine 
guns up at the overpass and swing around the turret of the machine gun as we passed the 
overhead.  The reason is that frequently insurgents drop grenades from overpasses and 
run.  We passed cars driving with people or when cars pulled up alongside, the military 
police and special forces would wave them over and point their guns directly at the 
driver.  Reason – frequently, isolated cars drive by and shoot at the convoy.
First stop – meeting with Ambassador Paul (Jerry Bremer) in his office in the 
imperial Palace formerly main palace of Saddam and now  headquarters of the Coalition 
Provisional Authority (CPA). Tom Foley (Bremer’s Deputy) was not present, but we met 
him later on in the trip).  Had great discussion of the difficulties in transition to the 
governing council.  He made an interesting statement that democracy is a concept that is 
foreign to the Iraqis.  They are taking a lot of time with their constitution  and agreeing 
on their form of government since they seek “consensus”.  Democracy means that the 
majority rules, and as we see in the USA, the minority has much power and the balance 
can and does changes. The Iraqis are not used to the majority winning a vote since 
historically, minorities get persecuted.  They need to understand that minorities are 
minorities for a particular idea/law/regulation and that Sunnis, Shia’s and Kurds can be 
minority, majority or both.  Sunnis and Shia’s can live together since there are many, 
many mixed marriages.  Highly intellectual discussion.  Bremer is an impressive man.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 91 ---
89
Also, met Jim Haveman who is the USA Health person (also impressive). Jim was with 
us for most of the remainder of the trip in Iraq and Jordan.   He thanked me for the books 
that I sent to Iraq from McGraw-Hill.
Had lunch at the home of MOH Khudair Abbas.  Present at the lunch  was Dr. 
Ebrahim Al-Jafari, head of the Shiite Party and member of the Iraqi Governing  Council 
(IGC)and Dr. Rajaa Khuzai a women OB/GYN physician and also member of the IGC.  
Had a very stimulating conversation regarding Iraqi politics, the history of Iraq medicine 
and how Iraq was the “jewel” of medical care and training in the 50s, 60s and early 70s.  
When Saddam came into power, he diverted money to weapons and neglected health.  
The system deteriorated and now it is terrible.  They want to restore it.  I also heard first 
hand of the cruelty and true insanity of Saddam and his sons Uday and Qusai and how 
they tortured and killed at will.  Many of the people at lunch lived in exile or remained in 
Iraq, but had relatives who had been jailed, tortured or killed.
The defining experience of the day was the visit to IBN Sina Hospital which is the 
combat (trauma) support hospital.  I had to constantly hold back tears.  Everyone carried 
a weapon in the hospital, even the doctors and nurses performing procedures in the OR or 
trauma rooms.  I say young kids (18-25 yo soldiers) with bullet wounds in the face.  
Common wound is a cheek-through-cheek bullet that either kills the victim or goes right 
through without hitting vital structures.  I am told that it is a common wound by snipers 
since the troops wear body armor up to their neck and a helmet down to their eyes.  It is 
one of the few exposed parts.  One such soldier was wheeled in as we were touring the 
hospital. He had just been shot.  I say shattered legs, abdominal wounds and Iraqi citizens 
shot in cross-fire and Iraqi insurgents getting x-rayed with a special forces person 
pointing an M-4 at him in case he tried to escape.  I saw an Iraqi collaborator who was 
helping the Special Forces in the North and another Iraqi came up to him when no one 
was around and shot him in the back of the head.  The bullet miraculously went through 
one posterior jaw and exited the face.  When taken to the hospital, he told the SF who the 
attacker was that left him for dead and the SF had just left the hospital to “take care of 
him”.  Many army physicians and nurses recognized me either from TV or more often 
from Harrison’s. I ran into a young neurosurgeon – Major Koop who knew me from 
HPIM.
Upon return to the airport via “ambush alley”, the 2 main Humvees of the 4 that 
escorted us back had young women at the machine guns.  I inquired about this to our SF 
driver and he said that as of this week, women soldiers have more confirmed kills than 
men soldiers.  Upon take off, we had the same corkscrew maneuver, but this time 2 
airmen were at each window with radio contact with the cockpit in case they saw puffs of 
smoke or flashes indicating a shoulder to air missile or Ak-47 , at which point they would 
alert the pilot to divert.
Landed in Amman; we did not sleep at the Rasheed Hotel in Baghdad since it was 
recently attacked with rockets while Paul Wolfowitz was staying there. Had a marvelous 
dinner at the home of the Jordanian MOH – Dr, Said. S. Darwazah.  Also present was our 
team (minus the press), plus the US Ambassador to Jordan (Edward W. “Skip” Gnehm), 
Dr. Samir Khleif, (NCI), Director of the King Hussein Cancer Center in Amman  and 
Said’s brother Mazen and his father Samih.  We talked for hours about the complex 
issues of Israel and Palestinians and Iraq and USA.  It is clear that they want to live in 
peace with Israel, but they all feel that the USA in unfairly siding with Israel on not 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 92 ---
90
disallowing settlements.  Clearly, one of the most stimulating evenings I have spent.  The 
Jordanians are truly wonderful people and very friendly and affectionate to Americans. 
The food was incredibly good.
Feb. 28, 2004 – Visited the King Hussein Cancer Center in Amman. Dr. Samir Khleif 
showed us around the modern facilities that have NIH-style telemedicine in real time.  
Toured the pediatric cancer wards with patients who had ALL, squamous cell carcinoma 
of ear and other tumors.  There is a Jordanian Program called Project Iraq in which 
selected patients are chosen from sick Iraqis and are transferred to the Cancer Center for 
treatment.  We say several Iraqi mothers with their sick children.  Had a nice warm 
conversation with Princess Ghaida Salaam who is married to Prince Talal ibn Muhamed 
(Nephew of the late King Hussein) and Princess Dina who is also married to the nephew 
of the late king.  Both women were beautiful, articulate and spoke perfect English.  
Princess Ghaida  is the Chair of the Board of the Center and she recognized me from TV 
and said that she always wanted to meet me. I showed her my Harrison’s textbook in the 
KHCC library.  She spent years in DC and graduated from Georgetown in the 1980s.  
  After the tour we had lunch and discussed  the various programs. Afternoon was free 
and we visited archeological ruins in Amman. 
That evening, we had dinner at the home of Princess Ghaida.  This was a most 
unusual evening; I was incredibly impressed by the Princess’s husband Royal Prince 
Talal bin Muhamed.  He and Princess Ghaida both graduted from Georgetown in the 
1980s. He gave me a wonderful history of the Muhamed family that descended from 
King Faisal I, hundreds of years ago.  The family split and one line took over Jordan and 
the other first went to Syria and then Iraq.  He knew Sadam and his sons since he was a 
little boy and he feels that they were horrible sociopaths. He used to play with them as a 
child during visits to Iraq and vice versa for Jordan.  Sadam gave him several guns as 
gifts.  In Arab countries, a gift of a gun is a show of respect and affection. Talal was the 
favorite of his uncle King Hussein and told many stories of his loving relationship with 
the King.  He proudly showed me his incredible gun collection (rifles, shotguns, and 
pistols).  He was in the Jordanian paratroopers, is a polo player and rides motorcycles.  I 
feel that this person could really be my friend if circumstances allowed.  Very intellectal 
and stimulating discussion at dinner regarding the war in Iraq and the Israel-Palastine 
situation. He fees that the USA should have military rule in Iraq for 5 years before even 
considering handing over the government to the Iraqis. He said that the Iraqis would 
understand and respect this since what they want most is security.  He feels that a 
situation similar to MacArthur and Japan would be desirable.  We discussed how this 
would not be feasible politically in the USA, i.e. having a long-term occupation of Iraq.  
He is afraid of the instability that would follow in Iraq and the region if we handed the 
control of the government over to a governing council (which he feels is made up of 
some good people, but some people with no credibility such as Chalaby).  In addition, he 
feels that the US military is so respected for their force and discipline, that this is the 
reason why the Iraqis fled.  He stated that the Iraqis are a “fierce” and proud people and if 
the UN or the Poles and Spanish took over the security, the Iraqis would chew them up 
and anarchy would prevail.  He states that no Arab country wants the USA to leave any 
time soon.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 93 ---
91
Feb. 29, 2004 – Last day in Iraq…mostly in the red zone.  Some very exciting and 
somewhat scary moments with the convoy getting caught in traffic in  another “ambush 
alley” (narrow streets and high buildings where insurgents frequently shoot down on US 
troops from roof-tops or windows). During several of these “stalls” in traffic, the special 
forces, military police escorts and the CID (criminal investigation division) of the army 
jumped out of the cars and ran alongside with their M-4s pointed a the roofs and 
windows.  They also ran up to cars that were blocking traffic and pointed drawn pistols 
and cocked M4s right into the cars to get people to move. Visited the MOH in the AM, 
the Women’s clinic, had lunch with Iraqi health people.  This was all in the “red zone” 
and the SF had sniper observers on the roofs of the buildings surrounding the facility that 
we were visiting. We then left for the airport had a wonderful dinner at Baghdad airport 
(Bob Hope Dining Hall)  with the troops of the 1st Armored Division, Military Police 
Brigade, the First Cavalry, and the 101st Airborne.  Our troops are incredible, including 
the women.  They are extremely well disciplined, polite, good looking and nice.  General 
Scaparroti (Chief of Combat maneuvers) brought TGT and me into the “classified” 
command room of the base and showed us how they track hostilities on a real time giant 
computerized map screen.  Met an incredible woman  Major Rogers who was a beautiful, 
articulate and smart, 35-ish deputy chief of intelligence for the command. Also met Col. 
Flake who was the combat coordinator – one tough looking soldier.  Also met Major 
(Doctor) John McGrath from the Medical Corps.  He knew me right away since his wife 
is a physician (Allergist/Immunologist) and always talks about me.  He asked for and got 
a picture of us together. Finally, we flew on Blackhawk helicoptors to Balad AFB to 
catch a C-17 to Rhein-Main AFB in Germany. The trip on the Blackhawk was tense and 
exciting.  I sat 2 feet from the machine gunner who was focusing on the ground looking 
for flashes from small arms fire that happens all the time and usually misses the 
helicoper.  As soon as they see a flash they immediately strafe the area with the M-50 
machine gun.  We flew all in the dark to avoid detection.  We landed at Balad, stayed for 
awhile and mixed it up with the troops and then flew to Rhein-Main AFB near Frankfurt.  
From there we picked up the Gulfstream and flew back to Andrews AFB. We landed at 
6:00 AM, March 1, 2004.
March 2-19, 2004 – Following the Iraq trip a number of relatively important issues have 
arisen.  There is sweeping interest in the conflict of interest  arena with EZ forming a 
Blue Ribbon Panel on Conflict of Interest chaired by Norman Augustine and Bruce 
Alberts.  Also, the NIH Ethics Advisory Committee (NEAC) is now reviewing all out 
side activity requests (as well as any already approved ongoing outside activities) for 
high ranking NIH officials such as IC Directors, Deputies, Scientific Directors, Clinical 
Directors, etc.  The NEAC is co-chaired by Raynard Kington and Michael Gottesman.  
Happily they have approved my ongoing activities, including Harrison’s.  
I met with the Blue Ribbon Panel and urged them to distinguish between outside 
activities that could be conflictual such as consulting for drug companies and those that 
are purely academic such as writing, editing, lecturing (not on your immediate work) and 
awards.  They seem to “get it”.  I hope that their recommendations reflect this.  Several 
investigations will come including GAO, IG, and a least 2 Congressional Committees. 
Also, the Congress is developing a subliminal hostility towards NIH because of the prior 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 94 ---
92
doubling of the budget and because our advocates are still screaming for a 10% increase 
in FY2005 instead of the 2.5% increase of the PB.  Sen. Dominici called the NIHers 
“pigs” who are never satisfied.  Moral in quite low.
Good stuff going on with Gary Edson and the “neglected diseases” project.  He 
really likes the proposal that I put together for Lymphatic Filariasis (LF) and leprosy and 
malaria.  We are going through the exercise now of several meetings back and forth in 
deciding what to have the POTUS propose to the G-8 meeting in June in Sea Island.  
They want to have the POTUS show global leadership and urge the other G-8 countries 
to put up money and get involved; however, since we are already doing so much, he 
wants us to put up very little new money.  We will probably have to re-direct money – no 
good deed goes unpunished.  Gary also wants me to explore the possibility of making the 
HIV Vaccine Enterprise a possible proposal.  He had spoken to Patty Stonesifer and she 
mentioned that Rick Klausner and I were working on this together.
John Kerry won Democratic nomination prior to convention and he and Bush are 
going at it already.  The big issue is the terrorism that is going on in Iraq with foreign 
Muslim extremists with ties to Al Quaeda almost daily blowing up mostly Iraqis and 
some US soldiers.  Massive terrorist attack in Madrid a few days ago with bombs in 
trains; hundreds killed.  Muslim extremists claim responsibility and say that they did it 
because Spain has helped the USA in Iraq.  Incident occurred right before the Spanish 
elections and resulted in overthrow of the Party that supported Bush.
March 24, 2004 – Had interesting and full day. Went to the National Defense University 
at Fort McNair, Washington, D.C. to participate in the DHS exercise of a hypothetical 
aerosolized anthrax attack on Chicago.  It was for the benefit of press leaders.  Secretary 
Ridge, Susan Neely (Assist. Sec. for Public Affairs, DHS), Ed Thompson (CDC) were 
the main players.  It was exciting and the press totally enjoyed it and got engaged in 
active Qs and As.  Virtually all of the senior producers and correspondents of networks, 
CNN, Fox, etc were present as were top print media.  Frank Sesno (CNN) moderated it 
and Aaron Brown (CNN) was present.  Tom Ridge relied virtually totally on me to 
answer medical questions.
Also, had meeting at PEPFAR Headquarters (2100 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.) 
with Gary Edson, Randy Tobias, Robin Cleveland (OMB), Mark Dybul, Joe O’Neill and 
Ambassador Lange to discuss how we can work an AIDS issue into the upcoming G-8 
meeting in June at Sea Island, GA.  Gary and I proposed the possibility of highlighting 
the HIV Vaccine Enterprise that Rick Klausner and I have been working on for the past 
year.  It would cost the USG virtually no new money since the “Enterprise” is a virtual 
organization that is proposing a strategic plan as described in our Science article.  The 
POTUS can urge the G-8 countries to make a political commitment to make the 
Enterprise work.
April 2, 2004 – White House (Situation Room) -  Had meeting today as a culmination of 
a series of PCC meetings related to preparedness against pandemic influenza.  We have 
been working with DHS, the VP’s office and DHHS to develop a white paper of needs 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 95 ---
93
and plans.  Today we brought it to the PCC + deputies (Claude Allen of DHHS).  
Meeting was chaired by Richard Falkenrath.  Present were several WH and departmental 
people including Kristen Silverberg, Ken Bernard, Carol Kuntz, Bill Winkenwerder, 
Stewart Simonson, Allen Gilbert.  We came to a good understanding of what we are 
ultimately going to put before the full deputies and ultimately the Principals.
April 5, 2004 – White House (West Wing) – Met with Gary Edson. Attending were 
Carol Thompson, David Nelson and Gary’s assistant Martina Strong.  Discussed the G-8 
issue regarding Gary’s concern that the other countries will bring up the issue of generics 
and PEPFAR, i.e. the false impression that we (USG) are against generics , particularly 
the generic fixed dose combination of D4T, 3TC and nevirapine.  Gary does not want the 
POTUS to be embarrassed if others blind side him with this.  The PEPFAR people 
(Tobias et al) should have straightened this out at a recent (March 29-30) meeting in 
Botswana.  There was a debate about WHO “pre-qualification” of these drugs and our 
concern about the criteria and data upon which these drugs were pre-qualified.  Also, we 
discussed the issue of the POTUS proposing an endorsement of the HIV Vaccine 
Enterprise as our AIDS proposal for the G-8 meeting in June at Sea Island, GA.  We will 
work with Gates (Patty Stonesifer) to endorse this, but the Gates Foundation is going to 
want us to promise even more money for an AIDS vaccine.  Note that we are already 
spending>$500 million, vastly more than all other groups put together.  Gary will re-
write the POTUS’s G-8 proposal regarding the Enterprise and run it by me, Kristen 
Silverberg, Secretary Thompson, Amb. Tobias before we launch it to the G-8.
April 6, 2004 – White House (EEOB) – Met with Kristen Silverberg, Robin Cleveland, 
Randy Tobias, Mark Dybul, Alan Gilbert, Press person from WH (?name, a woman), Joe 
O’Neill, and others to discuss issue of the bad press we are getting regarding the 
misperception that the USG and PEPFAR will not buy generics, particularly the fixed 
dose combination (FDC) of D4T, 3TC and nevirapine that CIPLA and Ranbaxy are 
selling.  Decision was made to have Randy Tobias write and Op-Ed for The NY Times or 
the Washington Post (I will review it for him) and then have me and Randy as necessary 
do the TV circuit to get the truth out , i.e. that we will buy any drugs , even generics, so 
long as they are of high quality (safe and effective) and the lowest possible price.
April 6-12, 2004 – Not much opportunity to implement issue above on April 6 because 
the entire Press is consumed with the deteriorating conditions in Iraq.  Major insurgencies 
by both Sunnis (Fallujah) and Shiites (Baghdad) against American troops.  Several US 
troops are getting killed each day and insurgents have resorted to kidnapping civilians 
from other countries who are working in Iraq, i.e. Japanese, Australians, UK, Chinese, 
etc.  Bad situation that is getting worse.
April 13, 2004 – White House (West Wing) – 2 meetings.  First regarding the issue of 
the HIV Vaccine Enterprise and whether we should make this an initiative for the 
POTUS to present at the upcoming G-8 Summit in Sea Island, GA.  Present was Kristen 
Silverberg, Martina Strong (Gary Edson’s assistant), Joe O’Neill, Carol Thompson.  I 
presented the idea to Kristen and explained what Gary and I had been working on for the 
past several weeks. I explained how we wanted the POTUS to challenge the G-8 to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 96 ---
94
endorse and support the enterprise.  The USG is already investing for FY-04 about $488 
million while the entire world’s contribution (including the USG) is about $600 to $640 
million (these non-USG numbers are estimates.  Hence, most of the action is us. She 
liked the idea and wanted to pursue it.  She said that it would be a home run if we could 
spice it up with some new money.  She mentioned about $100 million.  I brought up that 
the usual scenario would be that NIH would have to absorb this “new” money since there 
really is no new money.  Kristen feels that if anyone can squeeze new money out of Josh 
Bolten, it is me.  She is going to bring the issue up to Josh.
The second meeting was with Kristen, Joe O’Neill, Carole Thompson, Mark 
Dybul, Randy Tobias, Jenday Fraser (new US Ambassador to South Africa).  Meeting 
took place in Margaret Spellings office since it is one of the larger offices.  Margaret was 
not there.  Discussion was regarding the options of how to address the FDC/generics 
situation in the context of the PEPFAR.  We discussed a number of options.  Our goal is 
to get the lowest possible price for drugs that are clearly safe and effective.  Big issue 
with FDA since they clearly will not approve a drug based only on “pre-qualification” by 
WHO.  There is much misunderstanding (see above) about the USG supposedly blocking 
generics since we are in the pocket of PHARMA.  This is nonsense since we are 
concerned that we will be buying drugs that are not even generics; they are “knock-offs” 
from branded drugs.  I like the option of pressuring our drug companies to put 3 drugs in 
a blister-pack (would take 1 month for the FDA to approve) to avoid the issue of 
potentially low quality Faces.  Other good option is to work with the FDA to speed 
approval (probably take 1 year since you would have to do some pharmacokinetics and 
bioavailability studies first) of FDCs contained the branded drugs.  Simultaneous option 
would be to ask the South African Medicine Control Council (their FDA) to regulate the 
knock-off FDCs and to only buy it if they approve them.  This would be Africans making 
decisions for Africans.  The only problem is that if they reject the drugs, it might look 
like a typical erratic South African move, i.e. Mbeki and Shabalala Misemang are 
notoriously weird.  Alternatively, if they accept the drugs with scrutinizing them and they 
are no good, we would be buying bad drugs.
April 14, 2004 – White House meeting (EEOB 476) with Gary Edson, Rick Klausner, 
Rachel Ingram (Gates) and David Lane (Gates), Martina Strong, Carol Thompson to 
discuss the role of the Gates Foundation in the HIV Vaccine Enterprise.  Rick presented 
the same case as I did and said that Gates would be willing to invest $100 million this 
year and that the whole project would probably need $400 million per year for 10 years.  
He wanted the USG to try to put in more money.  Gary was concerned about the fact that 
we have no new money, although he really likes the Enterprise concept.  After Rick left, 
Gary and I discussed how much if any money would be feasible to invest as new money. 
As opposed to just challenging the G-8 to join and endorse the process.  He wanted to 
think about it more.  One of the issues that he brought up even when Rick was there was 
the problem of doing something and then getting criticized the way that we have been 
criticized about PEPFAR.
April 15-16, 2004 – Series of phone calls and e-mails involving Gary, Kristen and me.  
Apparently, Kristen really likes the idea about putting some substance (new resources) 
into the POTUS proposal to the G-8 and Garry asked me to cost out a real center a virtual 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 97 ---
95
center and also a vaccine production plant.  He sent it to Kristen who asked me for some 
clarifications and now will run it up to Josh Bolten.  This may be a go if we can convince 
Josh to get some new money.  I coasted a real center (with walls) at $55 million for 
construction and start-up and $47 million for annual operations.  I costed a virtual center 
as $15 million start up and $51 million annual operations.  Kristen asked me to brief Alex 
Azar (General Counsel for HHS) to see if we need any special authority/legislation 
(similar to BioShield) to make this work more quickly and smoother.  She will be out for 
a week and then we will resume.  I handled these calls and e-mails while on a quick trip 
to Chicago to give a talk at the Clinical Research 2004 meetings.  I spoke on Emerging 
Infections.
April 19, 2004 – Extensive phone conversation with Josh Bolten (OMB Director), Jim 
Capretta and Tom Reilly (OMB) regarding the details of my proposal for the “virtual” 
center for HIV Vaccine as described above.  I described in detail the entire proposal to 
Josh. Josh was very supportive.  Issue was where to get the $15 million start-up costs for 
’05 and the $51 million yearly costs.  Josh indicated that he would figure out where to get 
the money.  More than likely that we (NIAID) would have to absorb a portion of it. 
April 20, 2004 – Had nice lunch with Jay Lefkowitz today at The Oval Room on 
Connecticut Avenue.  Beautiful warm Spring day.  Jay just wanted to catch up on things 
with me.  We discussed the PEPFAR and the issues associated with it; and the new G-8 
proposal that I was working on with Gary Edson. Kristen Silverberg, and now Josh 
Bolten.  Also talked about war in Iraq and the POTUS.  Jay also inquired about what I 
want to do differently if anything.  I told him that I wanted to remain in public service 
and the Secretary of HHS is a job that I would not strive for or promote myself for, but 
would not refuse if asked. He is thoroughly enjoying his private sector life.   After lunch, 
he invited a friend (Christine Carlisle Jones) to the table for coffee.  She is the CEO of a 
company that is working on freeze preserving eggs from women who might be getting 
chemo, and he wanted her to meet me.  Very attractive and intelligent woman in her 30s.  
It was great to spend time with Jay.  He has become a good friend.
April 21, 2004 – Busy day!  Beautiful sunny day.Testified at my House Appropriations 
Subcommittee (Chaired by Ralph Regula) in the AM , then rushed to brief Senate and 
House Staff (at Dirksen 116) from the Homeland Security and Appropriations 
Subcommittees on progress of Project Bioshield and its possible use to procure drugs for 
pandemic influenza. Many people present such as Bettylou Taylor of Senate Majority 
Appropriations, Craig Stevens of House Majority Appropriations and a variety of staffers 
from Homeland Security Committees, the latter were as usual disdainful of DHS.  Bad 
news relationships between DHS and their respective committees.  Also present were 
Sally Stanfield of DHS (terrific person), Stewart Simonson, Michael        (WH Legisl), 
Tom Reilly of OMB, Ken Bernard of WH Homeland Security Council
After meeting, Ken and I rushed to OSTP on 1801 Pennsylvania Ave to meet with 
the Weapons of Mass Destruction Medical Countermeasures Subcommittee.  I am on the 
Steering Committee of the National Science and Technology Committee (NSTC) 
Subcommittee on WMD Medical Countermeasures (Chaired by Bill Winkenwerder 
(DoD) and Phil Russell (HHS).  I rarely go to these meetings, but Ken Bernard wanted 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 98 ---
96
me to be there for discussion of 1)Anthrax countermeasure development plan and 2) DoD 
development of butylcholinesterase (BC).  BC is unbelievable.  It is a naturally occurring 
plasma product that neutralizes the effects of VX and Sarin gas. It binds to the 
phosphogen cholinesterase inhibitors of the gas and protects animals from sarin and VX.  
It has no toxic side effects.  Taly Bar-Shalom from OSTP presented the data.  The DoD 
people wanted NIH to do Phase 1 clinical trials on the plasma derived product and to pay 
for the development of the recombinant product since they “had no money”.  The Phase 1 
trial would cost from $1 to 10 million depending on the design.  The development would 
cost a few million $.  I got up and chastized the army Colonels (Joe Perla et al) and told 
Bill Winkenwerder that I was astounded that they had a countermeasure for a known 
threat (Tokyo subway) that is completely effective in animals (rats, hamsters) and totally 
safe, and yet they say that they do not have any money to develop it.  Unbelievable!  In 
some fairness to them, the DoD money for Medical issues is so compartmentalized, that it 
is difficult for them to move $ from one silo to another.  They have no way near the 
flexibility that NIH has.  In addition, Bill Winkenwerder, who is Asst Secretary of DoD 
for Health, really has no power or jurisdiction and cannot commit resources at a meeting 
like this.  He is a very good guy and promised me that he would find the money.  I 
offered to share with them the effort and cost of a phase 1 trial.  In reality, if they drop the 
ball on the clinical trial and development of recombinant product, I will pick it up.
On the way from the Rayburn to Dirksen building, I ran into Hillary Clinton on 
the street and she gave me a big hug and kiss and we chatted for a few minutes (with her 
Secret Service people looking puzzled) about AIDS, etc.
April 23, 2004 – Went to dinner over Dan and Marina Ein’s home on Kenmore Drive in 
NW Washington.  Dinner was to bring together people in DC interested in bioterrorism 
and press folks who cover this.  Present among others was Bob Malsam (Head of DC 
Hospitals) Dan Lucey (Medical Officer of DC DOH), Ceci Connelly (Washington Post), 
Mike Iskowitz (Newsweek), Jerry Hauer (Biodefense Center at GW) and several others.  
Among topics that came up was the buzz around town of the recent intelligence that 
another “big” terror attack will happen soon.  The weather was clearing or rain after a 
major thunderstorm.  I had wanted to go to the St. Albans vs Jefferson County (WV) 
High School baseball game, but it was cancelled because of rain.
April 28, 2004 – White House (West Wing) – Met in Kristen Silverberg’s office to 
discuss the FDC issue (see above).  Much discussion regarding our approach to FDCs in 
the PEPFAR program. At meeting were the usual group: Kristen, Mark Dybul, Joe 
O’Neill, Mark McClellan, some FDA economists, Emit (FDA), Carol Thompson.
I spoke with Kristen by phone after the meeting about my chose vis-à-vis options. 
April 28-29, 2004 – Gary Edson called me and said that he had a “disturbing” 
conversation with Patty Stonsifer (Gates) in which she mentioned that the USG should 
promise NEW resources for the Enterprise proposal to the G-8.  Gary asked (and I did) 
call Rick Klausner to get his take.  He is comfortable with our proposal.  Gary is 
concerned that Gates will be lukewarm about our proposal and we will have another 
example of the POTUS trying to do something good and then getting criticized for not 
doing enough.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 99 ---
97
May 4, 2004 – White House (West Wing) – Me with Gary Edson and Patti Stonecifer 
regarding the HIV Vaccine Enterprise and the upcoming G-8 meeting in Sea Island, GA.  
We have come to an agreement that if the POTUS presenting the Enterprise proposal to 
the G-8, Gates will soundly applaud the effort and work with us to get it going.  The USG 
will not promise an new money over and above the $500+ million that we already spend 
on HIV vaccine research (this is about 5/6 of the world’s total of $640 million).  
However, we will challenge the other G-8 countries to endorse the Enterprise strategic 
plan and align current and future resources with the plan.
May 12, 2004 – Big White House day!  The President visited the NIH for a “No Child 
Left Behind – Read First” ceremony.  It was held at NIH since the NICHD had some 
activities in this area.  Ceremony held in Natcher Auditorium.  I sat in second row and the 
POTUS recognized me from the stage and greeted me individually noting that I was in 
the audience.  After his talk, he came down to “work the rails” and chatted with me for 
about a minute on International AIDS.  He mentioned that he had just met with the 
Health Minister of Angola.  He was as usual very complementary to me.
In the afternoon had a meeting in the WH with Kristen Silverberg, Allan Gilbert, 
Randy Tobias, Joe O’Neill, Mark McClellan, Lester Crawford and many others about 
fixed dose combination ARVs (FDCs) and the PEPFAR.  We have developed a plan and 
a roll-out strategy.
After the meeting, went to Indian Treaty Room and had a going away reception 
for Richard Falkenrath of the Homeland Security Council (HSC).  Had nice chats with 
John Gordon (chief of HSC), Tom Ridge, Josh Bolten, Carol Kuntz, Clay Johnson and 
many others.
May 19, 2004 – Good day!  Project BioShield legislation passed the Semate by a 99-0 
vote.  The White House asked me to attend a press conference with Sens. Frist, Gregg, 
and Kennedy as well as Secretary Thompson at the Capitol.  We briefed the press and I 
answered several questions. TGT called me the “father” of the BioShield Bill.
May 27, 2004 – Went to a nice retirement celebration at the White House (Indian Treaty 
Room of EEOB) for Gen. John Gordon (Director of the Homeland Security Council).  I 
have developed a very nice relationship with John over the past year or so and he was 
very glad to see me there.  Attending were Andy Card, Condoleezza Rice, Karl Rove, 
Harriet Meiers, among others.
Getting ready to go on June 8-10 to Savannah, GA for the G-8 conference at Sea 
Island.  The White House (Gary Edson et al) wants me there to answer press questions 
regarding the HIV Vaccine Enterprise Proposal that the President will make to the G-8.  
Gary asked me to get Peter Piot (Director of UNAIDS) to write an editorial praising the 
proposal at about the time that it is announced.  I am working on this.
June 2, 2004 – Testified before the House Commerce Committee on Science chaired by 
Mr. Bilirakis for the NIH Priority Setting in anticipation of reauthorization of NIH.  
Testified with Elias Z., Andy VonEschenbach and Nora Volkow.  Tough questions, but 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 100 ---
98
the Hearing went well.  Immediately went to brief an IOM Panel on Biodefense.  They 
were very flattering of me and the work that we have done.
June 3, 2004 – Busy day.  Went to Ali’s Lower School Graduation and rushed to testify 
at House Select Committee on Homeland Security chaired by Chris Cox with Jim Turner 
as ranking minority.  Chris Hayes and Joe Barton were there.  Many tough questions 
since the Presidential race is heating up and the Dems want to give the impression that 
the Administration is not doing enough on Biodefense even though we have 
accomplished a lot.  I did very well.  
Immediately after the Hearing I rushed to DHHS and briefed Sec. Thompson on 
the G-8 meeting and the HIV Vaccine Enterprise.  Then I rushed to the White House for a 
meeting called in the West Wing by Kristen Silverberg on the POTUS proposal (maybe) 
to facilitate vaccine development by addressing liability, intellectual property, tax 
benefits, and monopoly issues.
After WH rushed to go to Jenny’s Sports Banquet.  She received MVP for the 
Diving Team.
June 8-10, 2004 – Went to Savannah, GA (Sea Island) for the G8 Summit hosted by the 
USA.  I was part of a White House Team that served as Presidential Surrogates to brief 
the Press before, during and after the President’s proposals of initiatives to the G8 leaders 
gathered in Sea Island (UK – Tony Blair, France – Jacques Chirac, Germany – Gerhard 
Schroder, Italy - Berlusconi, Japan, Canada - , Russia - Putin, and USA). The other 
surrogates on the Team were: Elliott Abrams (Special Assist. To the president and Senior 
Director for Near-East and North African Affairs at NSC); Andrew Card (WH Chief of 
Staff); John R. Bolton (Under Secretary of State, Arms Control and International 
Security); James L. Connaughton (Chairman, Council on Environmental Quality); Glyn 
T. Davies (G8 Political Director); Kristen Forbes (Member, Council of Economic 
Advisors); Jendayi E. Fraser (Special Assistant to the president and Senior Director for 
African Affairs at NSC); Robert Joseph (Special Assistant to the president and Senior 
Director for Proliferation Strategy, Counterproliferation and Homeland Defense); Alan P. 
Larson (Under Secretary of State, Economic, Business, and Agricultural Affairs); 
Constance Berry Newman (Assistant Administrator for Africa of USAID); Randall 
Quarles (Assistant Secretary of Treasury for International Affairs); Condoleezza Rice 
(National Security Advisor to the President); Frances Fragos Townsend (Assistant to the 
President and Homeland Security Advisor); Dan Bartlett (White House Communications 
Director); Scott McClellan (Assistant to the president and White House Press Secretary); 
Gordon Johndroe (Laura Bush’s Press Secretary); and Jim Wilkinson (Deputy National 
Security Advisor for Communications at NSC).  My job was to brief the press at formal 
and informal briefings on the Health Issues which were mainly the Global HIV Vaccine 
Enterprise (see above), the Polio Eradication Initiative, and to a much lesser extent, the 
Famine Initiative.  I also briefed on the progress of PEPFAR the Global Fund for AIDS, 
Malaria and TB and the issues on Fixed Dose Combination (FDC) and co-packaged anti-
HIV drugs.  
The weather was beautiful and we stayed at the Westin Resort Hotel on 
Hutchinson Island in Savannah.  All I did was work and did not get off the compound.  
The security to get on and off the compound was as tight as I have seen anywhere except 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 101 ---
99
for Iraq. The Press center was adjacent to the Hotel. I spent most of the time in the White 
House press unit with White House staff led by Pamela Stevens, Paul Morrell, Jim 
Wilkinson, Barry Bennett (Deputy of Communications, G8 Summit Planning 
Organization, Colby Cooper, Dana Perino, M.C. Koch, Jana..?, Corey..? and others.  
It was exciting to be there and I ran into virtually all of my reporter friends on the 
White House Press Corps including among others, David Gregory, Terry Moran, Norah 
O’Donnell, Ann Compton, Bill Plant, John Roberts.  I had a great interview with an AP 
reporter Scott Lindlaw, whom I had not met before.  The initiatives were very well 
received.  However, as I have seen before, unpredictable events shape everything.  
Former President Ronald Reagan and died a few days before and the press was totally 
saturated with Reagan history and funeral news to the point that the G8 issues were 
literally pushed from the front page.  I appeared on TV only one time on CNN and that 
was for an interview with Anderson Cooper on my impressions of Reagan’s legacy on 
AIDS, particularly during the early years when he did not even mention AIDS publicly.  I 
stated on camera that the criticism of this silence on the part of the activists was certainly 
justified; however, the activists are being too harsh (Larry Kramer wrote a piece calling 
him worse than Hitler) since many things occurred behind the scenes that were good.  For 
Example he allowed me to go out and be proactive and speak on behalf of the gay 
constituents.  Also, Surgeon General Koop was allowed to mail his report to every 
household in the USA. I also got some press with interview in foreign TV such as VOA, 
Al Jazeera, Canada National TV, BBC, etc.  Also, a few mentions of my briefings in 
WSJ, and many papers that picked up the major AP story by Scott Lindlaw.  Otherwise, 
there was much less press for the G8 in general and for me than would have occurred had 
not Reagan died.
June 18, 2004 – Attended a farewell party at the White House for Gary Edson.  He is 
leaving NSC to work in the campaign.  His main job will be to prepare the POTUS for 
the debates with Kerry.  I was the only non-WH person at the reception that was hosted 
by Condi Rice and Steve Hadley of NSC.  In her praising of Gary for his work, she 
mentioned 2 accomplishments among many: 1) the millennium account, and 2) the 
PEPFAR.  When she spoke of the PEPFAR, she caught my eye and said, “Oh Tony Fauci 
is here; they were the team that did this.  Tony was the brains and Gary was the brawn”.  
July 9, 2004  -  2 meetings in West Wing.  First was a top secret briefing of Fran 
Townsend, the new Director of the Homeland Sceurity Council.  She replaced Gen. John 
Gordon who retired in June (see above).  Present at the briefing were Ken Bernard, Bob 
Kadlec, Larry Kerr, Kate Spitler (CIA) and some others.  Purpose was to brief Fran on 
the experiments that were being proposed regarding genetically engineered monkeypox 
virus to duplicate what was shown in the mousepox model where inserting the IL-4 gene 
into mousepox made it lethal and elusive for both vaccine and therapy.  Debate was 
whether to do experiments and whether to classify them.  Purpose of doing experiments 
was to determine whether the mousepox work also applied to the monkeypox.  In 
addition, if it did, then we needed to develop countermeasurs such as anti-IL-4 drugs.
Fran was extremely complimentary to me saying that above all people, she 
wanted to know what my opinion was and she wanted me to explain the details and 
implications of the experiments.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 102 ---
100
Next meeting was in the office of Faryar Shirzad (replaced Gary Edson on NSC; 
see above). Present was Martina Strong.  Purpose was to plan the Fall meeting of the G-8 
Vaccine Enterprise as promised by the POTUS.  We discussed what the format of the 
meeting should be and what level of representation from G-8 countries should be there.  I 
suggested at least a top scientist from each country and then for formality, we should 
have the Ministers of Health there after the strategic plan had been finalized.
July 11 – 16, 2004 – Went to the XV th International AIDS Conference in Bangkok. The 
depth of misunderstanding about the PEPFAR and the reason why the PEPFAR wants 
expedited approval by FDA of the “copy” generics that are being used before USA 
money is used to buy them is huge.  The activists were out in full force disrupting Randy 
Tobias’s speech with signs of “He’s Lying”.  Ultimately they let him speak, unlike the 
situation in Barcelona in 2002.  There was an extraordinary amount of USA bashing by 
activists, the liberal press and even by international figures such as Kofi Annan who 
stated that the USA was not showing leadership because we were not giving more to the 
Global Fund.  He seems to have selective amnesia regarding the PEPFAR’s $15 billion 
program.  Chirac made a similar statement.  Issues that were particularly misunderstood 
were: 1) why the USA was not giving billions to the Global Fund; 2) why we wanted to 
have an expedited approval of copy generics before the PEPFAR paid for these drugs; 3) 
Why the DHHS only allowed 50 people from HHS to attend the meeting.  Most people 
claimed that it was because the activists booed TGT at Barcelona and because we were 
upset that we were not controlling the agenda.  Before the meeting a group of far-right 
Congressmen wrote to the organizers of the meeting saying that they condemned the 
meeting since more faith-based organizations were not given prominent roles in the 
meeting and because not enough emphasis was placed on abstinence. This made the USA 
look real bad.  Stupidly, the DHHS restricted the numbers of meeting participants 
generally without doing it by category and as it turned out, some scientists who were 
already on the program had to cancel out.  Thus, the topic was this stupidity rather than 
all of the good things that were happening.  The activists were more misinformed than I 
have ever seen. They had no idea what they were talking about.  All they wanted to do 
was condemn the Bush Administration.  Bush asked the FDA (through Tobias, me, 
Kristen Silverberg and others) to provide expedited review of these FDC products so that 
we could have some guarantee of the safety and quality of the product before USA 
taxpayer money paid for it.(see above).  This was the correct thing to do.  Can one 
imagine if we tried to give drug to Africans by a process that was “not good enough for 
Americans””  We would all get killed by Congressional Committees and activists, some 
of which are the very ones who are crying for generic drugs right now. By the way, the 
approved drugs are now available for hundreds, not thousands of dollars in Africa.  The 
claim of the generics companies that the drugs are available for $140 does not take into 
account that it cost much more for shipping, storage, etc. and so the real price is not that 
far away from the brand price.  Furthermore, no one is going without drug since it is not 
the generics versus nothing.  The PEPFAR is buying the brand name drugs and 
distributing them.  The response was that the administration is in bed with PHARMA 
since we do not want to allow generics for fear of PHARMA losing money.  The generics 
are “pre-qualified” by the WHO.  However, the WHO is not a regulatory agency.  The 
FDA and Tobias and I pleaded that the generics companies submit the applications and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 103 ---
101
give the FDA a chance to show that they could give an expedited review.  We were 
asking for clinical data that Medicines Sans Frontiers already has and has published, plus 
biochemical equivalency and pharmacokinetic data and plant inspection, all of which are 
real easy to get.  However, no generic company has thus submitted applications.  They 
say that they do not have to since WHO has prequalified them. The real reason is that 
they are afraid that the FDA will actually find that the product may not be good.  I think 
the product likely is fine, but the mistrust on the part of the rest of the world for FDA and 
the USA is palpable.  This likely relates to the situation in Iraq. The other source of 
contention is the situation of Global Fund versus PEPFAR.  I took great issue with the 
incredibly inappropriate public statement by Kofi Annan about the lack of USA 
Leadership in Global AIDS (Kofi, did you forget your leadership on the Rwanda 
genocide??). I tactfully blasted him and this concept on BBC radio and TV and CNN. I 
was quite discouraged by this Conference.  The science was irrelevant although my 
Special Lecture on HIV Pathogenesis went very well and was extremely well-received.  
A major issue is that the USA is doing some stupid things like allowing the restriction of 
numbers of scientists at the meeting and by having the far-right people act like they are 
representing the USA.  However, this time, the activists and the international community 
are even worse.  They are totally misinformed about what is really going on, but they are 
louder than ever.  This in turn feeds the far-right and it becomes a vicious cycle.
 
The following is a Washington Post article that summarizes the situation very well:
Subject: [HEALTHGAP] WashPost: AIDS Activists Misfiring
AIDS Activists Misfiring
By Sebastian Mallaby
Monday, July 19, 2004; Page A17
In the past few years, global AIDS activists have worked miracles. They have shaken rich 
governments awake, causing international AIDS funding to rise 15-fold. They have 
beaten back big pharma's jihad against cheap, non-brand medicines, creating an 
opportunity to treat millions of people in poor countries. But the activists, or at least some 
of them, are in danger of tipping from heroism into shrill anti-Americanism. The sound 
bites from last week's AIDS conference in Bangkok were straight out of a Michael Moore 
movie.
Inconveniently for those who enjoy stereotypes, the Bush administration is far and away 
the leader in the global AIDS fight. This year the United States will spend $2.4 billion on 
the pandemic, nearly twice as much as all other donor governments combined; attacking 
the Bush team for indifference to AIDS is like attacking it for inadequate defense 
spending. But when Randall Tobias, the U.S. global AIDS coordinator, addressed the 
Bangkok gathering last week, he had to endure 10 minutes of furious heckling before he 
could get a word in edgewise.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 104 ---
102
What triggers this hostility? The activists' first complaint is that U.S. AIDS spending will 
finance programs to promote sexual abstinence and fidelity. Never mind that only 7 
percent of the money will be spent this way; the abstinence agenda is derided as some 
kind of kooky anti-scientific plot cooked up by President Bush's evangelical supporters. 
Yet the plotters actually include very un-evangelical people such as Edward Green, a 
Harvard medical anthropologist (and liberal Democrat) who's written a book on AIDS 
prevention. Green has shown how Uganda's success in cutting HIV infection rates from 
21 percent to 6 percent depended crucially on teaching abstinence. In the first half of the 
1990s, the number of young Ugandans engaging in premarital sex plummeted; by 1995, 
fully 95 percent of Ugandans reported that they were either abstaining or monogamous.
Elsewhere in Africa, experience also supports the Bush administration's desire to make 
abstinence and fidelity part of its prevention strategy. The evidence from Botswana, 
South Africa, Kenya and Zimbabwe suggests that there's no clear link between the 
availability of condoms and reduced HIV
rates: All four countries have plenty of condoms yet plenty of infection. Meanwhile in 
South Africa, the single most promising development is that reported rates of teenage 
sexual activity have fallen for three years straight, disproving the notion that there's no 
point in telling youths to change their behavior. In sum, it is not the Bush administration 
that is ignoring the evidence. It is Bush's critics.
The activists' second complaint about the U.S. AIDS program is that it is hostile to 
generic medicines. Until recently, this was true: Perhaps because of its ties to the big 
pharmaceutical companies that sell patented drugs, the administration has been 
scandalously slow to allow cheaper generic copies to be used in its programs. But in May 
the Bush team finally announced that generics were okay, subject only to a six-week 
review by the Food and Drug Administration to determine safety and efficacy.
The activists do not believe the FDA's change is for real, and their suspicions are 
reinforced by Cipla, a leading Indian producer of generic AIDS drugs. Cipla's charming 
joint managing director, Amar Lulla, explains to anyone who calls that he would love to 
get his drugs approved for distribution in U.S.-financed programs in the poor world but 
that the Bush administration's fine print is cluttered with obstacles.
On close inspection, however, these obstacles aren't serious. For example, Cipla's best 
known AIDS medicine is called Triomune; it combines three separate antiviral drugs in 
one pill, simplifying treatment. Lulla says the FDA has not explained whether he needs to 
demonstrate the safety of combining the drugs this way, in which case Cipla would have 
to conduct prohibitively expensive clinical trials. But if you go to 
www.fda.gov/oc/initiatives/hiv/hivguidance.html, you'll find the explanation that Lulla 
says he's waiting for. Attachment B lists three-drug cocktails that the FDA already 
accepts as safe, among them one combining stavudine, lamivudine and nevirapine, the 
three constituents of Cipla's Triomune.
Cipla also says it worries that if it files an FDA application, it may be sued by U.S. patent 
holders. But the FDA's rules allow Cipla to file a statement certifying that its pills are 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 105 ---
103
intended for sale outside the United States, a maneuver that would almost certainly 
eliminate the risk of being sued for U.S. patent infringement.
None of this is to deny that the Bush administration panders to the religious right on some 
issues, or that it's cozy with pharmaceutical lobbyists. After misrepresentations on issues 
from tax policy to Iraq intelligence, the suspicion with which Team Bush is greeted is 
partly of its own making. And of course some criticisms of the administration's AIDS 
program remain fair, notably that it shortchanges multilateral efforts against the killer.
And yet the bottom line on the Bush administration's AIDS initiative is that it is huge and 
serious. The AIDS activists at last week's conference, whose motives are doubtless 
honorable as well, would do better to redirect their heckling to countries such as Japan 
and South Korea, which give shockingly little to their cause. When you're fighting an 
enemy that takes 8,000 lives a day, it pays to pick your targets wisely.
mallabys@washpost.com
July 19, 2004 – Appeared on the Jim Lehr Newshour defending the USA position on 
PEPFAR.  Steve Lewis from the UN was my “opponent” and we duked it out over the 
bilateral approach of PEPFAR versus the multilateral approach of the Global Fund.  I 
said both are good and working.  He feels that the USA should put all of its money into 
the Global Fund.  He also did not understand the need to have some sort of approval for 
generic copy drugs (see above).  Everyone told me that I appeared cool and collected 
while Steve was shrill.
July 21, 2004  -  Two visits to WH today.  The POTUS invited me to be at the signing 
ceremony for the BioShield Legislation in the Rose garden.  I was asked to go up on the 
stage for the photo with the POTUS and the VP as well as Tom Ridge, Congressmen 
Chris Cox and Waxman, House Speaker Dennis Hastert, Senators Ted Kennedy, Bill 
Frist among others.  Michael Allen of WH Legislative Affairs was my advocate to get me 
on the platform.  The White House protocol women (?name) wanted Julie Gerberding on 
the platform (even though she had nothing at all to do with BioShield) since there were 
no women there and she bumped me.  Michael insisted and they compromised by putting 
us both up there.  The POTUS, VP and Senators were very nice with me.  I now know all 
of these people very well.
In the afternoon, I briefed Carol Kuntz.  Ernie Takafuji accompanied me.  Carol is 
great, but she is going through one of her periodic periods of sadness and anxiety about 
her CML even though she is in a crisp remission on Gleevec.  I intermittently give her 
private psychotherapy and I did so that night.
July 22, 2004 – Testified with Secretary Thompson and Julie Gerberding to the Senate 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions (HELP) on Public Health 
preparedness, surge capacity and medical countermeasures.  Present were Chairman Judd 
Gregg, Ted Kennedy and Lamar Alexander.  It was a very friendly hearing and very 
complimentary to me and the others.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 106 ---
104
July 23, 2004 – West Wing – Had individual photo op with VP Cheney together with the 
entire “team” that worked on BioShield.  Many people there: Stewart Simonson, carol 
Kuntz, Scooter Libby, Sally Canfield (DHS) (she just announced that she is leaving Tom 
Ridge and going to work for Speaker Hastert), Mark McClellan, Ken Bernard, Michael 
Allen, Brenda Becker, Sharon…(Sen. Gregg’s staff), Noreen Hynes, Seth… (Noreen’s 
husband), Vince Ventimiglia (Sen Gregg’s Committee Staff). I will provide full list later.  
Very happy occasion.  Again, VP was very gracious towards me.
August 11, 2004 – Met at EEOB Room 283 with Carol Kuntz and Bruce Miller and 
Dorothy….  to discuss tentative plans to determine whether IL-4 gene inserted into 
monkeypox would have the same effect as IL-4 inserted into mousepox virus, i.e. it 
would suppress the immune response enough to allow lethal disease in the animal.  This 
relates to concerns that terrorists will genetically engineer variola with IL-4 and so over-
ride vaccination and cidofovir.  Carol wanted to know which of several options for 
experiments I would favor.  A White Paper was drawn up by the Office of Homeland 
Secrurity (Ken Bernard) with the various options.  Of note, I had previously briefed 
Frances Townsend in the White House Situation Room a couple of weeks ago (not 
recorded above) on the same topic.  I favor Option #3 which is to conduct the research on 
IL-4-altered monkeypox in monkeys and do it as classified research.  However, we 
should announce that we will be conducting such experiments so that people do not get 
suspicious that we are totally hiding things.  We would keep the design, details and 
results classified since if we found out that it did work in monkeys , but did not yet have a 
countermeasure for it, then we would expose our vulnerabilities.
Sept. 1, 2004 – Had a interesting day.  Flew by helicopter from the Pentagon to Fort 
Detrick to visit USAMRIID with Deputy Secretary of DoD Paul Wolfowitz, Bill 
Winkenwerder, and a number of other DoD and DHS senior staff to hear presentations by 
Gen Lester Martinez-Lopez and others regarding why the DoD should support the 
planned new Biodefense Research Campus at Ft. Detrick.  The Army wanted me there 
since they know that I am an articulate advocate of their cause.  The meeting went very 
well and I finally got a chance to meet and intensively discuss with Wolfowitz.
September 13, 2004 – For the past few weeks, I have been involved in a number of 
briefings of Carol Kuntz and Stewart Simonson regarding Biodefense and the concern 
about the emergence of an H5N1 bird flu that has been smoldering in Asia (Thailand, 
Viet Nam, China, Taiwan, etc) with jumping of cases from chickens to humans.  
President Clinton had quadruple bypass surgery at Columbia-Presbyterian 
Hospital related to unstable angina this past week.  I contacted Senator Clinton’s office to 
get his private e-mail address to send him my personal best wishes.
Today, I had an official briefing at the White House for Carol Kuntz and Bruce 
Miller (her deputy) on research plans and strategy for countermeasures for “Genetically 
Engineered Microbes”.  The presentation was very well received.  Carol gave me a “red-
lined” copy of the Bioshield Legislation that was signed by President Bush and VP 
Cheney as a special gift from them to me due to my work on the development and 
passage of BioShield.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 107 ---
105
Oct. 4, 2004 – Meeting in the Situation Room of the White House to brief Ken Rapuano 
(Deputy to Fran Townsend) on the IL-4 – monkeypox experiment that is being proposed 
as a classified experiment to be performed by DHS.  I presented the rationale behind the 
experiment.  Also present were Carol Kuntz, Ken Bernard, Stewart Simonson, Maureen 
McCarthy, Gerry Parker, et al.  Although NIAID will not perform these experiments, 
Fran Townsend wanted to make sure that I did the briefing since she trusts me.  The plan 
is for me to make the same presentation to Colin Powell and Donald Rumsfeld soon after 
the election.
Oct. 5, 2004 – Historic day today with the UK regulatory agency suspending the license 
of  Chiron to ship out their influenza vaccine to the USA because of issues related to the 
inspection of the plant in Liverpool.  This is a huge issue for the USA since Chiron was 
scheduled to supply about 46-48 million doses or about 50% of our yearly requirement of 
100 million doses.  Only Aventis Pasteur  (50 millioin doses) and Medimmune (2 million 
doses of Flumist) are available.  We heard about this abruptly this AM as we (Julie 
gerberding and I) were getting ready to testify at  House Hearing on Thimerasol in 
Influenza vaccines.
Oct. 6, 2004  - Trip to Duke to honor retirment of Ralph Snyderman as Chancellor.  
White House conference call at the airport in Raleigh-Durham on way back regarding the 
influenza vaccine issue.
Oct. 7, 2004 – Trip to Duke to honor the retirement of Ralph Snyderman.  Gave talk on 
Emerging Infectious Diseases.  White House conference call on Influenza issue (see 
above).  Incredible amount of media appearances: radio, TV, print.  As much as I have 
ever done.
Oct. 8, 2004 – Big time Congressional Hearing on influenza vaccine problem before the 
House Government Reform Committee.  I testified with Julie Gerberding and Lester 
Crawford of FDA.  More media, White House Conference calls, and Jim Lehr NewsHour 
to finish the day.
Oct. 9, 2004 – Front page story in the Washington Post saying that the UK regulatory 
authorities told our FDA about the problem at the end of August with the implication that 
the FDA failed to act in preparing for the shortage.  Acting FDA Commissioner Lester 
Crawford explained on our regularly scheduled White House Conference Call that this is 
misinformation.  As we (me, Julie and Les) have stated all along, Chiron kept reassuring 
us that there was a problem with about 4 million does due to contamination with Serratia 
marcescens.  Never did anyone say to FDA or CDC (nor did Rino Rapualli say to me) 
that there was a serious enough problem to suspend licensure.  John Kerry came out with 
ugly statement saying that the Administration is covering up.
Oct. 10, 2004 – Things still hot and heavy with the Chiron/influenza situation. Had 
another White House conference call with Margaret Spellings, Alan Gilbert, Phil Hall, 
Harriet Miers (Deputy Chief-of-Staff), Jon Burks, Ken Bernard, Trent Duffy, Scott 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 108 ---
106
Whitaker, Julie gerberding, Les Crawford and Bruce Gellin.  Also more media 
appearances for me.
Oct. 12, 2004 – Important White House meeting at 1:00 PM in Roosevelt Room on the 
Flu situation.  Chaired by Margaret Spellings and Harriet Miers.  Also present were Fran 
Townsend (HSC), Joel Kaplan (OMB), Jack Marburger (OSTP), Alan Gilbert, Hobbs, 
Leitch, Montgomery, Jackson, Amit Sachdev (FDA), Stewart Simonson, Julie 
Gerberding, Suzy DeFrancis (WH Communications), McGrath.  We  discussed strategies 
to handle problems.  I gave a background of flu vaccines in general together with the 
nature of the current problem.  Julie gave the plan for trying to get equitable distribution 
of the remaining doses from Aventis Pasteur that have not already been distributed.  The 
issue of the conflict in statements from our FDA and the British regulatory authorities 
(MHRA).  They said they told the FDA about the seriousness of the problem weeks ago 
and our FDA says no.  Our FDA is correct since I was hearing the same thing.  We 
believe the UK people have over-reacted and now it has caused a mess here in the USA 
and they are embarrassed to retract.  Important point that I brought up and again called 
Margaret Spellings about the evening of today was that John Kerry would likely try to 
embarrass the President in the debate on Oct. 13 by saying that the FDA knew and 
covered up and that he believes the Brits.  I suggested to Margaret that the FDA come out 
with a forceful statement BEFORE the debate declaring that the UK did not tell them 
about the problem so that the President is not left hanging out there.  Margaret agrees and 
they will do this on the morning of Oct. 13.
Oct. 13-14, 2004 – Multiple HHS and White House conference calls regarding the 
influenza vaccine crisis.  Report from FDA’s Jesse Goodman who just returned from UK 
is that the Liverpool plant  really did have some serious GMP problems and potential bio-
burden problems.  Our FDA agrees with the findings of UK regulators, but not 
necessarily with their action.  However, it is too close a call for us to say that we would 
have released the lots.  Therefore, we will publicly say that the lots from Chiron are 
unusable.  We further discussed other issues about how we can get more vaccine from 
AVP or from Canada or from anyone else.  If we go with Canadian vaccine, this would 
have to be done by an IND since it is not licensed by FDA.  Most we can get is 2-3 
million doses.  Even this is a logistic nightmare to do under an IND.
Present on Conference call with WH are Spellings, Silverberg, Miers, Dan 
Bartlett, Trent Duffy (Deputy Press Assistant), Alan Gilbert, and HHS team of Julie, 
Stewart, Les Crawford, Scott Whitaker, and me.
Oct. 15 – 18, 2004 – Situation getting very hot and heavy.  Kerry campaign trying to 
make this a political issue saying that the shortage is President Bush’s fault.  I have been 
on every major TV show multiple times talking about the issues and what people need to 
do.  Multiple (daily) White House Conference Calls. Almost constant briefings and press 
interactions.  Will need to go on a New England bus tour this weekend from DC up the 
corridor to Boston and fly back.  Very intense, at least as much as with the anthrax 
situation, mostly because the election is 2 weeks away.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 109 ---
107
Oct 22-23, 2004 – Continued intensity of activity around the influenza vaccine shortage.  
Daily White House Conference calls.  The DHHS team has broken up into several groups 
to “tour” the country in a bus for outreach and education to health authorities, the general 
public and the Press.  I was part of a tour that went from D.C. to Philadelphia to Trenton, 
Newark, NYC, Hartford, Providence, Boston and back (Flew back from Boston).  Our 
team was Claude Allen, myself, Howard Zucker (Deputy Asst Secretary of Health), Bill 
Hall (DHHS Public Affairs), Sarah Greirich (Claude’s assistant), Kate (?).  It went well.  
This is becoming a serious political issue in that the Kerry Campaign is trying to paint the 
Bush Administration as responsible for the Chiron mess.  President Bush in turn is 
claiming that liability issues are the cause of Pharma not getting into the vaccine business 
and that Kerry supports trial lawyers who are the problem (VP candidate Edwards is a 
liability lawyer).
Oct. 25, 2004 – Went to LA to be Keynote Speaker at a USC conferenec on Multi-Sector 
involvement in research (Government, Industry, Academia).  Afterwards I gave a press 
conference with the Editorial Board of the LA Times.  The topic of influenza vaccine 
dominated the conversation.
Oct. 26- Nov. 8, 2004 – Daily White House conference calls on influenza situation.  
Trying to get additional doses from Aventis, Medimmune and foreign sources.  
Bush re-elected.  Very good for me since the team stays in place.
Horrible tragedy – John La Montagne, my beloved friend, colleague and Deputy 
Director of NIAID dies suddenly on Nov. 2 after disembarking from flight from DC to 
Mexico City (his birthplace) on passport line in Mexico City.  He had a pulmonary 
embolus, very likely from the flight with venous thrombosis.
Nov. 12, 2004 – Meeting in Roosevelt Room of WH to discuss the plans for influenza 
preparedness and for pandemic flu plans.  Major points are what we have been discussing 
for the past few weeks about providing incentives for PHARMA to get involved and stay 
in flu vaccine field.  We (DHHS team) are proposing back end guaranteed purchases for 
overflow doses; liability protection, tax breaks, research to develop cell culture based and 
recombinant DNA approaches to replace egg-based approaches; advanced purchase and 
stockpiling of vaccine for children.  TGT presented and I filled in.  Present were:  Karl 
Rove, Josh Bolton, Margaret Spellings, Kristen Silverberg, Alex Azar, Scott Whitaker, 
Grant Dixton, David  Leitch, Harriet Miers, Alan Gilbert, Carol Kuntz and others.
Nov. 17, 2004 – House Hearing of Government Reform Committee on the flu crisis 
today.  I testified together with Julie Gerberding and Lester Crawford (Acting FDA 
Commisioner).  Mostly they slammed FDA for not acting more aggressively to monitor 
the Chiron plant and pick up contamination.  
Bush shuffling around his Cabinet following election victory.  People that I know 
are moving out of positions where it was good to have a contact for me and into positions 
where it is also good to have a contact.  Condi Rice to State, Margaret Spellings to 
Education.  Much rumor about TGT and whether he will go to DHS or whether it will be 
Fran Townsend if Tom Ridge leaves.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 110 ---
108
Nov. 18, 2004 – Hearing today before House Commerce and Energy Investigations.  
Together with Julie and Les Crawford.
Nov. 19, 2004 – I arranged a meeting among Medimmune (Flumist), the FDA, and 
Stewart Simonson to try to pursue ways to get broader approval and utilization of Flumist 
for next year to make up for the anticipated shortages since Chiron will almost certainly 
not be able to re-fill the gap by next year.  Present at the meeting were Medimmune CEO 
David Mott,  President Jim Young, VP of Reg Affairs Peter Patriarca, CMO Edward 
Connor, Sr. Director Scientific Affairs Kathleen Coelingh.  From FDA were Les 
Crawford (Acting Comm) and Jesse Goodman (head of CBER).  Also, Stewart 
Simonson, Bruce Gellin, Pamela McInnes, Ralph Tate.  I am trying to be the facilitator to 
have FDA look at Medimmune data on 50 to 64 year old people sooner rather than later 
so that Medimmune can produce an extra 10 million doses for next year.  They need 
approval for this age group or else then cannot take the risk of making 10 million more 
doses and not be able to sell them.
Nov. 30, 2004 – Memorial service hosted by me at Natcher Building at NIH for John La 
Montagne.  I delivered Eulogy (see speeches file).  I am only starting to come to grips 
with the intense feeling of grief and sorrow at having lost John.  I really liked him very 
much.  He was such a fine human being.  Present at the Memorial Service were Secretary 
Thompson, Margaret Spellings, Carol Kuntz, Stewart Simonson, Julie Gerberding, D.A. 
Henderson and hundreds of other friends of John.  I have appointed Cliff Lane as the 
Acting Deputy Director of NIAID.
 Dec. 3, 2004 – Secretary Thompson resigns and asks me to come down to the 
Department as he makes his announcement.  He brought me into his office alone and with 
both of us in tears he expressed his gratitude and admiration for my service to him, the 
DHHS and the country.  I expressed my mutual feelings for him.
Below is his resignation statement:
Dear Friends,
This morning, I submitted to President Bush my resignation
as Secretary of Health and Human Services.
It was a difficult decision and one I did not make easily.
But after nearly 40 years of public service, it is time for
me and my family to move onto the next chapter in our life.
It has been my honor and privilege to serve President Bush
and the nation with each of you in this dynamic Department.
As I have often said, our 67,000-member family is home to
the finest employees in the federal government. When you
work at HHS, the greatest doctors, scientists and public servants in the world are your 
coworkers. I am truly grateful for the opportunity to work with all of you in this noble 
calling.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 111 ---
109
I am extremely proud of the work we did together at
America's Department of Compassion. President Bush set
forth an ambitious agenda for our Department. And I love
a big challenge. Since the day I walked through the doors
of this building, we have worked tirelessly to better the health and well-being of the 
American people and our neighbors throughout the world.
Thanks to your work,
        *       We delivered on our promise to modernize
        Medicare with prescription drug coverage - the most
        historic improvement to Medicare since it was created
        in 1965. Now seniors and the disabled will get
        substantial help paying for the modern medicines and
        preventive services that extend and enhance their lives.
        *       We're spending more in medical research than any
        time in our history. And the President opened the door
        to federal funding of groundbreaking stem cell research.
        *       We're investing in our long-neglected public
        health system, making our nation better prepared to
        fight disease or biological attacks. We're improving
        the safety of the food we eat and import.
        *       We're developing the new medicines and vaccines
        to protect our citizens from disease or bioterrorism.
        *       Our children are healthier than ever, with health
        coverage and immunization rates at record highs and
        childhood drug usage going down.
        *       We turned America's attention to disease
        prevention, motivating Americans to eat better and
        exercise more in order to improve their health and
        quality of life.
        *       And we're waging a bold new global fight against
        HIV/AIDS, committing an unprecedented $15 billion toward
        eradicating this scourge. This will be a jewel in the
        President's legacy - and our years at HHS.
Together, we also faced challenges that were unpredictable and unimaginable.
        *       HHS was among the first on the ground to care for
        New York City residents and assist in the aftermath of
        9/11.
        *       From the day I arrived, we spoke of the need to
        better prepare for bioterrorism, and together we helped
        this nation weather the first biological attack on its
        people with the anthrax letters.
        *       We expanded our cache of smallpox vaccine, so we
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 112 ---
110
        can now protect every man, woman in child if this vicious
        disease were to return.
        *       We protected America from SARS and we helped the
        world understand this mysterious disease so we could
        contain its spread.
        *       We're leading the world to prepare for a world flu
        pandemic and Avian flu.
        *       And, together with our public health partners, we
        have helped this nation manage an unexpected influenza
        vaccine shortage.
That is quite a record in four short years. You all should be proud.
And, best of all, we are working together more closely than ever before to better serve 
American families. We truly are One Department - with the best and brightest working 
together across agencies to solve our nation's toughest problems. And we truly are the 
Department of Compassion.
I will miss you all more than you can ever know. I will
forever cherish the friendships I made here the last four years. And I will always be in 
awe of the talent, dedication and drive of the people of the Department of Health and 
Human Services.
Keep leading this nation forward. Keep putting the well-being of our people first. And 
keep changing the status quo in search of a better way.
You will always be in my prayers and in my heart.
With gratitude and friendship,
Tommy G. Thompson
Dec. 20, 2004 – Terrible time over the past couple of weeks with a 4 part story by an AP 
reporter on the Jonathan Fishbein issue and the HIVNET 012 story.  Fishbein is a Title 42  
on a 2 year probation period in DAIDS.  His performance was terrible and Ed Tramont 
and Jon Kagan decided to remove him.  He got a high-priced whistleblower lawyer and 
claimed whistleblower status despite the fact that he “blew the whistle” AFTER he was 
informed that he would be removed.  He leaked internal documents regarding the 
technical difficulties with HIVNET 012 (use of nevirapine for prevention of mother-to-
child transmission (MTCT) of HIV.  In that landmark trial it was shown that the drug in a 
single dose was safe and effective for prevention of MTCT.  The use in these 
circumstances has likely saved tens of thousands of children’s lives in developing 
countries, particularly sub-Saharan Africa.  The paper appeared in Lancet in 1999 and 
several papers have corroborated the safety and efficacy of Nev. For MTCT prevention. 
Since the results of the trial (HIVNET 012) were so striking, the maker of Nev (BI) 
decided to use the data from the trial to expand the licensed indication of Nev to MTCT 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 113 ---
111
in the USA.  Upon inspection of the site and the data collection procedure, the FDA and 
an auditor ruled that there were “technical” problems that would not allow licensure.  Ed 
Tramont decided to have a more comprehensive look at the “technical” difficulties and 
ultimately found that the procedure was sloppy (not surprising for an inexperienced 
African site); however, the data were sound, i.e. Nev is still safe and effective.  A low 
level person in DAIDS wrote a safety report that exaggerated (in Ed Tramont’s mind) the 
negatives and indicted the entire trial. Ed used the report from the more comprehensive 
audit and changed the lower level report to indicate that there were technical difficulties, 
but this does not change the results of the trial.
Fishbein in his attempt to not get fired for incompetence (totally unrelated and 
anteceding the issue of HIVNET 012) went to the Congress (Sen. Grassley – who never 
met a whistleblower that he did not love) and finally the AP.  The AP story was 
incredibly misleading in that it published Fishbein’s “whistleblower” claims of 
widespread misconduct in DAIDS, our (mine and others) failure to notify the president 
about the problems with HIVNET 012 before he launched the $500 million MTCT 
program, and a variety of other charges.  This raised a lot a stink with and ABC Nightly 
News show.  Surprisingly, the regular media did not take it up much, but it was all over 
the internet circuit.  I worked hard to keep it off CNN, NBC, Washington Post, NY Times 
by pre-emptively discussing the truth with the reporters.  We are “hand-cuffed” in what 
we can say since the Fishbein issue is a personnel matter and the Privacy Act is involved,  
Also, the Whistleblower statute (even though Fishbein is technically not a whistleblower 
since he blew after he was fired).  Interesting how the laws protect the scoundrels.  Our 
major concern is that this publicity will cause the uninformed to stop using Nev for 
MTCT.  Of note, Rev. Jesse Jackson published his typical demagogue-like letter 
condemning President Bush, accusing Ed Tramont of “crimes against humanity”, etc. 
Will give more follow-up soon.   
Dec. 20, 2004 to Jan. 14, 2005 – We have been occupied almost full time with doing 
damage control against the Dec. 13, 14, 15, 2004 AP articles by John Solomon.  We have 
put on the NIAID Website a Q and A series that cogently addresses all of the allegations.  
This has apparently angered the reporter who is going after Cliff Lane and I now.  
Someone from the inside (Solomon said OGE, but I do not know whether I can believe 
him) “blew the whistle” on Cliff and I with the preposterous allegations that we are 
receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars from the IL-2 patent and that we are investing 
millions of dollars of NIAID money to support IL-2 research.  Also, the whistle-blower 
told Solomon that I made Cliff Clinical Director as a quid pro quo for his putting me on 
the patent.  Also, he queried whether my wife Christine gave the ethics approval of the 
ESPRIT IL-2 trial. This is nasty business.  Cliff was made Deputy Clinical Director in 
1986 and full Clinical Director in 1991.  The patent was done in 1997.  Chris has always 
recused herself from any actions on NIAID business. The Bayh-Dole Act requires that 
government employees file patents through the US Government on all inventions made 
during official government business. I originally did not want to be on the patent because 
I am NIAID Director.  I was told by OGC and OTT that it was required since I was a 
clear inventor and to leave me off of the patent would make the entire patent subject to 
invalidity.  I then queried of OGC as to whether royalties constituted a “financial 
interest” and thus subject to conflict of interest laws under 18 USC, Section 208a.  I 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 114 ---
112
found out that years ago the OGE ruled and the DoJ confirmed that royalties collected by 
government employees on patents owned by the government on which the employee is an 
inventor cannot be considered as a financial interest and so cannot be a conflict.  The 
royalties are considered government compensation similar to performance awards and 
salaries.  I was still uncomfortable about taking royalties because of my high visibility 
and so I told Mark Rohrbough (OTT for NIAID at the time) to have the government NOT 
send me the checks.  He related that they were legally required to give me the check in 
order to fulfill the requirements of the Federal technology Transfer Act (FTTA).  Thus, I 
have given every penny of my royalties to charity – The Foundation for NIH, Inc.  Total 
royalties since 1997 = $45,072.82.  Finally, I put the royalties on my financial disclosure 
statement (SF278), but OGE told me to take it off since it was equivalent to government 
salary that does not go on SF278. Nonetheless, Solomon wrote an article on the IL-2 
story on Jan. 9 with the theme that Cliff and I should have let patients know about the 
“conflict” (even though there was no conflict).  I believed that I saved the day by 
speaking with the reporter and explaining all of the above.  It would have been better if 
my name was not associated with any COI story, but at least he mentioned about giving 
the money to charity as well as the fact that I tried to put the amount on my financial 
statement.  The reporter has FOIA’ed our SF278s and so who knows what other smearing 
he might try to do with misinformation.
Jan 15 – Feb. 3, 2005 – Story came out in AP about the IL-2 patent.  The reporter (John 
Solomon) did indeed mention that I was required to file a patent and that I tried not to 
accept the checks and ultimately gave the money to charity.  Also, he mentioned that I 
was told to take off the entry of the money on my SF278.  In the end, it was not nice to 
have a story about me with a implication that I did something wrong, when in fact, I went 
out of my way to avoid conflict.
The AP story led to CBS Evening News doing a story on the same thing on Feb.1.  
However, their angle was that I was the hero/Saint in trying to avoid conflict, and the 
NIH would not let me do the right thing.  I came out looking good and the NIH looking 
foolish.  In the end, it would have been better if the piece did not air.
Fishbein issue:  This abscess continues to fester.  Fishbein continually puts out 
missives on his brother’s Website (honestdoc.org) about “widespread misconduct and 
scientific fraud at NIH” and plays the role of defender of the public health.  The Privacy 
Act (he is involved in a personnel matter) forbids us to respond.  We are faced with the 
impossible situation of not being able to respond to this psychopathologic accusations.  
He can go public, but we cannot respond publicly.  This is untenable.
Influenza:  Avian flu (H5N1) is still percolating in Asia (mostly Viet Nam and 
Thailand).  Most recent cluster of cases in Viet Nam.  We are continually having 
conference calls with the usual suspects on preparedness – Carol Kuntz, Julie Gerberding, 
me, Stewart Simonson, Lester Crawford, etc.  Had a meeting in the West Wing of the 
WH on Feb. 2 with Claude Allan who has replaced Margaret Spellings as Assistant to the 
President for Domestic Policy.  Present were Julie Gerberding, Stewart S., Allan Gilbert, 
Bruce Gelling, Amit (FDA), etc.  We updated Claude who will brief President Bush.
Feb. 3 – Mar. 8, 2005 – Another stress and crisis issue.  A microbiologist named Ebright 
from Rutgers circulated an open letter(to Elias Zerhoun) among all the microbiologists 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 115 ---
113
stating that his analysis of study section data of non-biodefense grants over the past few 
years shows a decrease at the same time as the biodefense funding shows an increase.  
The letter was published in Science, first as an e-publication and then almost 2 weeks 
later (March 11) as a printed letter in Science.  Problem is that the data that he pulled was 
via CRISP that is not designed to do comparative analysis of funding trends.  The letter 
was signed by >700 microbiologists.  The hidden agenda of Ebright and a very small 
group of signees (like Stanley Falkow) was that they feel that we should not be spending 
any money on biodefense research.  They came to the conclusion in the letter that 
biodefense research was “hurting” non-biodfense infectious diseases research by 
diverting money away.  They released the letter to the press without ever calling us or 
even sending the letter to us.  This created a media storm and put us on the defensive to 
respond to what turns out to be entirely misrepresentative data. They took information 
from 4 out of 30 study sections that really misrepresent the big picture.  The study 
sections involved mostly reflect activity in NIGMS that may be funding fewer “model 
organism” grants for reasons that have nothing to do with biodefense funding.  I was 
furious!  Clearly some few individuals were pushing their anti-biodefense agenda and the 
rest of the microbiology community was following like sheep.  When several were asked 
about this after the media storm, they were embarrassed (such as Barry Bloom) and said 
that they really did not think that this was what they were signing on to.   Many 
newspaper articles appeared and I led the rebuttal in the newspapers, NPR, and several 
speeches.  EZ and I will write a letter in response to Science.  Clearly when you examine 
the data correctly, non-biodefense has done as well or better at NIAID as the rest of NIH, 
i.e. when you compare the percent increases from year to year from 2001 to 2006.  Also, 
much of biodefense money is also spilling over to non-biodefense or “dual-use” projects 
such as innate immunity, influenza, SARS, diarhheal diseases, etc.  Clearly, the Ebright 
letter is misleading.  Problem is that since all money is now tight, people are acting as 
expected, i.e. they want to blame someone or something for their personal and specific 
issues.  Now they are blaming biodefense resources with a sub-text of anti-Bush 
Adminstration and anti-Iraq war.  It is really ridiculous how they distort and I am in the 
middle of the fray.  However, this is one that I will not back down on.
On March 7, I met in my office with Michael Gerson, former top speech-writer 
for President Bush and now senior advisor and Assistant to the POTUS.  Mike wanted to 
discuss ideas for addressing neglected or other diseases as an initiative for the POTUS to 
put before the G-8 summit.  This is very similar to last year’s activities (see above).  I 
will work with him on a malaria intiative (see last year) and a TB in HIV disease 
initiative.  Apparently Gary Edson and Josh Bolton sent him my way.  I will be 
submitting the malaria and TB proposals for the POTUS consideration.
March 8 – March 27, 2005 – Continued concern about the H5N1 bird flu in Viet Nam, 
Thailand, and Cambodia.  Most severe now in Viet Nam. Working closely with Stewart 
Simonson, Julie Gerberding and the DHHS on Pandemic Influenza Preparedness.
Mar. 27 – April 1 – Phenomenal vacation with Chris and the girls for Spring Break in 
Costa Rica.  First vacation that I have had unassociated with a lecture or other business in 
20 years since our honeymoon.  Went for 2 ½ days at Papaguyo Beach and 2 days in rain 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 116 ---
114
forest and Arenal Volcano.  Did zip wire rides over the canopies.  One of the most 
exciting things that I have done.
April 4, 2005 – Amazing day at White House today.  Briefed the President on AIDS 
(domestic and International).  Reason for briefing was preparation by the WH for the 
reauthorization of the Ryan White AIDS Care Act originally passed in 1990.  The 
POTUS wanted to make sure that we were not short-changing domestic AIDS in light of 
all of the money (PEPFAR) that we have recently been putting into international.  
Briefing from 9:20 AM to 10:05 AM.  The POTUS walked into room and immediately 
greeted me and although the briefing was supposed to be predominantly on Ryan White, 
he asked me many questions for about 20  minutes.  It was a 2-way conversation between 
him and me.  At the meeting also were VP Cheney, Scooter Libby, Andy Card, Karl 
Rove, Dan Bartlett, Scott McClellan, Josh Bolten, Kristen Silverberg, Secretary Leavitt, 
Claude Allen, Joe O’Neill, Philo Hall, Tevi Troy.  Wonderful interaction between me and 
POTUS…great day
Also, today I went to and presented a major lecture at the IOM Pandemic 
Influenza meeting in honor of John La Montagne.  After that I got briefed by the IOM 
committee reviewing the HIVNET012 trial (see Fishbein above).  They totally agreed 
with us and said the trial was effective, ethical, and safe.
Went back to WH to brief Claude Allen on Influenza together with Stewart 
Simonson, Julie Gerberding, Philo Hall, Dean Casey, Tevi troy, Kristen Silverberg.  This 
was in preparation of Secretary Leavitt and I briefing the POTUS on Wednesday , April 
6.  However, the POTUS meeting will be postponed until next week since the POTUS 
will go to Rome for the Funeral of Pope John Paul II.
April 4 – 27, 2005 – More of the same with Fishbein situation.  IOM panel report came 
out very clearly supporting all that NIAID and we had been saying about HIVNET-012.  
In typical fashion, John Solomon of AP and Sen Grassley (who parrots everything that 
AP says) are claiming that the IOM panel report is invalid since some members of the 
panel receive NIH grants and so are conflicted.  The Fishbein/Grassley/AP axis is clearly 
one of the most unethical and disgraceful situations that I have ever experienced.  They 
all have no integrity and absolutely no regard for the truth.  We are now working on a 
possible settlement with Fishbein to make this craziness go away.  He may well ask for 
totally undeliverable conditions.  The DHHS is still reluctant to allow us to fire Fishbein 
because they are afraid of Grassley.
April 27, 2005 – Briefed the President about the potential for an H5N1 pandemic 
influenza.  At briefing were the POTUS, the VP, Karl Rove, Josh Bolten, Kristen 
Silverberg, Dan Bartlett, Scott McClellan, Fran Townsend, Michel Gerson, Claude Allen, 
Julie Gerberding, Sec. Leavitt, Scooter Libby, Philo Hall, Rajeev, etc.
The POTUS was very pleased with the briefing and asked the right questions.  He 
was favorably disposed to our suggestion of considering having the USA public have kits 
of antimicrobials (Tamiflu, CIPRO, etc) in their homes in case of an emergency in order 
to get around the problem of distribution of drug to tens of millions of people in an 
emergency.  We are going to pursue this approach with Symposia to get the flavor of 
what the community thinks of it and then we will pursue it.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 117 ---
115
May 12, 2005 – Met today in Building 31, 7A-24 with the Ugandan Vice president 
Professor Gilbert Bukenya, who is former Dean at Makerere University in Kampala.  We 
had met previously when he was still in academics and now he is VP.  We discussed 
collaborations between Uganda and NIAID.
Over the past couple of weeks we are still engaged in trying to settle the Fishbein 
issue.  He continues to attack.  Cliff Lane is leading the arbitration effort for a settlement.  
It is clear that he, his brother Rand, his mother and their lawyer Steve Kohn are bad 
people, well beyond the lawyer issue; they really suck without care for lives of people 
whom their lying endangers.
Also, morale at NIH is the lowest that I have ever seen it.  House Chairman Joe 
Barton is trying to “reauthorize the NIH” by consolidating ICs and putting much more 
money into the NIH Director’s office.  We cannot tell if Barton is doing this on his own 
or if Zerhouni is behind it.  I tend to think that it is a bit of both, but that Barton is the 
main driver.  Also, the conflict-of-interest issues have not been settled.
May 23 – 27, 2005 – Things again heating up with avian flu in Vietnam with press 
reports that the virus in evolving with possible resistance to Tamiflu and greater number 
of clusters in Vietnam.  Lesser virulence could mean that virus is adapting to humans 
better.  It is likely that all of this just reflects better surveillance and reporting as opposed 
to a significant degree of evolution of the virus. Nonetheless, the press has jumped on this 
and I have been on CNN a few times, Jim Lehrer Newshour, Lou Dobbs (CNN) and C-
SPAN for a Congressional Hearing on Flu (Energy and Commerce with Chairman Deal).  
Also, several briefings at DHHS and the White House with the usual suspects.
May 30 – June 3, 2005 – Bird flu activities continue with briefing at DHHS a couple of 
times.  White House briefing on June 2 on purchases of Tamiflu versus vaccine in VP’s 
ceremonial office in White House.  Present were: Carol Kuntz, Binita Ashar (Carol’s 
assistant, Tom Reilly (OMB), Norris Cochran, Jeremy Katz, Rajeev Venkkaya, Lance 
Leggitt, Stew Simonson, Bill Raub, Kerry Weems, Bruce Gellin, Laura Lawlor (by 
phone), Jesse Goodman, CDC by phone – Julie Gerberding, Charles Schable, Steve Bice, 
David Baden.  We are trying to reconcile the budget projects for FY 05 and 06  and 07 
with the purchase needs for stockpiles of H5N1 vaccine and tamiflu.  My role was 
important since we are doing the clinical trials with the H5N1 to determine the correct 
dose.  This will then determine whether we will buy and how much depending on the 
required dose.  We already have 2 million doses of vaccine in bulk and we plan to buy 20 
million more vaccine doses. Also we are thinking of 20 million more treatment doses of 
tamiflu.  Also, White House briefing with Carol Kuntz on June 3 on biologics biodefense.
June 3 – 14, 2005 – I have not been recording events since I have been very busy, but 
over the past 10 days or so there has been considerable activity around the area of 
pandemic flu, biodefense, etc.  I have briefed DHHS people as well as WH people.  In 
addition, on June 13 we had a Hearing of the House Government Reform Committee for 
Biodefense chaired by Rep. Christopher Shays.  I testified along with Stewart Simonson, 
Dale Klein (DoD), Joe Vitko (DHS), and Ron Saldareni (formerly of American 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 118 ---
116
Cyanamide and nowon an IOM Committee of Biodefense).  The Hearing was mostly 
blasting DoD for disorganization and “wasting money”.
Also, I went on my yearly trip to review the Gaslini Institute for Lorenzo Moretta 
from June 8 – 10.  
We are in the final stages of finally officially firing Jonathan Fishbein.  The issue 
is that Sen Grassley and his Committee will likely come after us for this since they 
always take the side of whistleblowers, even though Fishbein is not really a 
whistleblower as he blew the whistle after he was told that he would be fired for 
performance.
June 14 – July 2, 2005 -  Many activities around briefings of White House, DHHS and 
Congressional Hearing continue.  Had 2 more Hearings within said period: 1) Senate 
Foreign Relations on HIV Vaccines with actress Ashley Judd; 2) Hearing of House 
Government Reform Committee on Influenza Pandemic Threat.  I testified with Jim 
LeDuc (CDC) and Bruce Gellin (HHS).  Have been on CNN and all over C-SPAN.
We finally fired Jonathan Fishbein (on July 1) amid angry threats from Sen. 
Grassley’s staff.  I must include in my book how totally vicious and completely unethical 
that crew is.  They are a disgrace to government.  They totally distort the Fishbein story 
and attack the NIH and everyone else, all in the name of protecting “whistleblowers” 
even though he is not a whisteblower.
July 14, 2005 – Lots of stuff going on. Had more Congressional Hearings.  Today had 
Hearing on success or failure of Project BioShield.  Testified before House Government 
Reform Committee chaired by Tom Davis (R-VA) and Henry Waxman as Minority.  
Also, Chris Shays there and Congressman Issa, Davis, Issa, Cummings.  I testified with 
Stewart Simonson, and Joe Vitko (DHS).  Interesting issues around current BioShield 
(BS) legislation.  The original Bill for BS was strong and contained indefinite authority to 
purchase for stockpile as well as other strong incentives for industry.  Remember when I 
went around to the House and Senate at the behest of the VP to push BS, several Senators 
and Members, particularly Sen. Byrd tried to neuter the Bill since they did not want to 
give big Pharma too much.  Now we have a Hearing where the Congress is chiding us 
since we have not gotten enough products through BioShield.  The reason is that the big 
companies do not see any major advantage since they have no liability protection, no tax 
incentives and no patent advantages, and not a big pot of money.  This is an amazing 
irony.
Went to White House for a regularly scheduled (have not been reporting on these) 
PCC on Pandemic Flu Preparedness.  Co-Chaired by Rajeev Venkayya (HSC) and Lance 
Leggitt (DPC).  Reps were there from every cabinet department, CIA, etc.  I presented 
that we actually had a vaccine sine the results of the dosing shows a clear dose-response 
curve for the prime-boost.  We tested 7.5, 15, 45, and 90 ugm and clearly 90 gave a good 
protective response after 1 dose and an amazing response after 2 doses.  Now we have to 
figure out the right dose sparing (adjuvant) strategy and/or the right combination of 
prime/boost.
On the way out of the WH, ran into Bob Woodward.  Of note, I had just read his 
new book “Secret Man” about Deep Throat Mark Felt.  I congratulated Bob on the book 
and discussed it a bit.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 119 ---
117
Reauthorization language for the NIH has been circulating for comment.  It is 
incredible.  It give all of the power to the NIH Director by eliminating individual 
appropriations and by creating an IC within the NIH to “carry out” research.  Importantly 
and I must put this in the book.  Chairman Barton has threatened to a group of 
constituency groups who had come to him objecting about the bill that if any NIH IC 
Director publicly opposes the Bill, he will open an investigation of that IC until the 
person begs for the legislation.  This is after they had “asked for comments”.  This is a 
clear case of blackmail and in my mind is unethical, and possibly illegal.  I was told this 
over the phone by his Committee Staffer Cheryl Jaeger.
July 14-22, 2005 – Looks like the Reauthorization Bill is getting some opposition from 
constituents; however, Barton is trying to ramrod it through.  Zerhouni testified at House 
Hearing.  It is still unclear how specifically he orchestrated this.  My sense is that 
Zerhouni inadvertently created this monster in that he declared the NIH “broken” when 
he came in as Director.  All he wanted was a little more power and some money to “be 
somebody”.  However, Barton seized on this to “be somebody” by radically changing the 
NIH.  Zerhouni may now be left with unintended consequences of his early attempts at 
getting a bit more power.
July 25 – 29, 2005 – One of the most extraordinary weeks that I have experiences 
(see below)
July 25, 2005 – Briefed Secretary Leavitt on briefing that I will give tomorrow to VP 
Cheney on Biodefense countermeasure development.  Leavitt will accompany me to the 
White House.  Real good team at the DHHS with Leavitt and Chief-of-Staff Rich 
McKeown.  They are very good people.  NPR played the piece on “This I Believe” that I 
had pre-taped for them.  I have received many verbal and e-mail comments from far and 
wide about how moved people were by the piece.
July 26, 2005 – Briefed VP Cheney on Biodefense Countermeasure update for 1 hour.  I 
was the primary and only briefer.  Present were Sec. Leavitt, Scooter Libby, Carol Kuntz, 
Bruce Miller (Carol’s Deputy), Stewart Simonson.  We discussed progress since my last 
briefing of the VP as well as some of the problems that we are facing with BioShield 1. 
The Bill does not go as far as we had originally planned and the big companies are still 
not incentivized enough.  We are left dealing with smaller companies like VaxGen, 
Acambis, and others when we really want to engage the Merck’s and Glaxo-Smith 
Kline’s.  The VP loved the briefing and resonated very well with me and the group.
While waiting in the upper West Wing Lobby to go into see the VP, I ran into 
Sens. Ted Kennedy and John McCain. Kennedy and I have evolved into a very warm and 
comfortable relationship over the years.  This is only the 3rd time that I had met McCain, 
but I never really had a chance to talk to him before.  Had nice conversation about the 
books that they are writing.  Ted is writing a book about his dog.  
July 27, 2005 – Busy, Busy day.  Briefed VP Cheney again for 1 hour, this time with Sec 
Leavitt on Pandemic Influenza.  Also, present were Carol Kuntz, Julie Gerberding, 
Scooter Libby, Bruce Miller, Rajeev Venkayya,  and some others.  This is a prep for Sec. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 120 ---
118
Leavitt’s upcoming briefing of the POTUS on July 29.  I will accompany him there also.  
Carol was not too pleased with the briefing.  She confided in me that HHS does not seem 
to be as prepared and definitive as she wants (excluding me, she said).  We (HHS team) 
worked on the briefing afterwards to make it better.
   Also, appeared on Diane Rehm Show (Susan Page substituting for Diane) to discuss 
Pandemic Flu.
July 28, 2005 – Even busier day today.  Spent 3 hours in White House Situation Room 
with Julie Gerberding, Carol Kuntz, Kristen Silverberg, Bruce Gellin, Michael Jackson 
(Deputy at DHS), Alex Azar, Tom Reilly (OMB), Joel Kaplan (OMB), Tevi Troy (NSC), 
Ken….., and others to sharpen and focus the presentation of Sec. Leavitt for the POTUS 
for the following day.  Then Julie and I testified before the House Committee on 
Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Prevention of Nuclear and Biological Attack.  
Chaired by John Linder, minority – Jim Langevin.  Also present were Chris Shays, Jane 
Harmon, Ed Markey, Normal Dicks, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Donna Christensen, Bennie 
Thompson, Ron Simmons, Bobby Jindal, Michael McCall, Jim Gibbons.  Good Hearing 
for me, but only fair for John Vitko (DHS).  Also testifying were Julie Gerberding and 
Gen. Eric Schoomaker.  One of  several Hearings on BioD.  Norton gave Julie some flack 
(she always gets on Julie).
After the Hearing we (Julie and I)  went back to HHS and spent the next 2 hours 
again briefing Sec. Leavitt for the POTUS briefing.  At the briefing were Leavitt, Rick 
McKeown, Alex Azar, Natalie Kochnour, Bill Raub, Bruce Gellin, Stewart Simonson.  
We are getting close to having it right.
July 29, 2005 – Another amazing day.  Spent a couple of hours together with Julie 
Gerberding and Bruce Gellin at DHHS again pre-briefing Sec. Leavitt for the visit with 
the POTUS.  Then went to White House and briefed the POTUS for 1 hour on Pandemic 
Flu in the Roosevelt Room.  The POTUS was very engaged and went back and forth in 
an animated and interested way with Julie and me and the Secretary.  He vowed to do 
whatever is necessary to stop the onset of a Pandemic Influenza.  He turned to Josh 
Bolten (OMB Director) and indicated that no expense should be spared.  He essentially 
gave us a mandate to take care of this problem in no uncertain terms.
Present at the briefing were: VP Cheney, Karl Rove, John Bolten, Andy Card, 
Harriet Meiers, Fran Townsend, Kristen Silverberg, Dan Bartlett, Scott McClellan, Mike 
Chertoff, Tevi Troy, Julie Gerberding, Sec Leavitt, and others.
In the late afternoon, I showed around the NIH Michael Gerson who was with 
Miss America Nicole Johnson Baker and her husband Scott Baker.  He was visiting the 
NIH to look around and get a feel for the place.  We presented an HIV-infected IL-2 
patient (Terry Brown) and discussed our IL-2 work.  Then we went across the street and 
discussed malaria with Tom Wellums.  Mike Gerson is very interested in domestic AIDS.  
He will get back to me to work on this since he wants to put an initiative of this sort into 
the 2006 State of the Union Address.   Very successful meeting.
August 7, 2005 – Major Sunday news day with front page article in NY Times 
predominantly quoting me) regarding the successful preliminary data from the NIAID-
funded H5N1 vaccine trial that showed safety and an immune response that would be 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 121 ---
119
predictive of protection.  This is obviously very good news in our comprehensive plan for 
pandemic influenza preparedness.  This article in the Times kicked off a very positive 
media frenzy with front page articles in virtually every newspaper (it was on the Times 
web page the night before and so other papers picked it up) including Washington Post, 
Baltimore Sun, Wall Street Journal (Web), AP, Reuters, etc, etc.  I appeared on ABC 
Nightly News on Sunday night, NPR’s All Things Considered” on Sunday, CNN 
American Morning on Monday AM.  Very positive “ink” weekend”.
August 17, 2005 – Briefed Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice at the State Dept. on the 
threat of Pandemic influenza.  Also present were Sec/ Mike Leavitt, Rich McKeown, Bill 
Steiger, Julie Gerberding, Bruce Gellin, Bill Raub, Dan Singer, and a few Assist. Secs in 
DoS.  We gave Dr. Rice a primer on Pandemic flu and also discussed the international 
implications, particularly related to the recent findings that migratory birds have brought 
H5N1 to chicken flocks in Siberia, Russia, Mongolia, and Kazakhstan and flyways will 
likely bring it to India and Europe.  She was very gracious and was glad to see me again 
since I had briefed her a few times on HIV/AIDS and biodefense when she was at NSC
August 19-28, 2005 – Very productive meeting of editorial board of Harrison’s 
Principles of internal Medicine (HPIM) – 17 and McGraw-Hill publishers at Spring 
Creek Ranch in Jackson Hole, WY to plan the 17th Edition that will be published in 2008. 
We returned there after our 1991 planning meeting for a prior edition.  I am the editor-in-
chief for the 17th and I picked Jackson Hole.  Great choice.  Beautiful weather and above 
all, Bob and Colleen Grady have  a beautiful home there and our girls stayed with them 
while Chris and I stayed at the Spring Creek Ranch.  Did fishing (caught several cutthroat 
trout), hiking and just relaxing, although I worked every day (1 ½ day off) on the book.  
Very frightening experience when Bob, Colleen, Chris and the girls took a (supposedly 6 
hour) 12 mile hike on the Teton Crest trail.  A bit reckless on Colleen’s part in that we 
started late (1:45 PM) and would have cut it close to get to destination by nightfall.  Trail 
we difficult, but incredibly beautiful.  Unfortunately, we got lost (wrong turn) and lost >2 
hours.  We hiked the last hour+ in the dark.  Alison was totally frightened.  We saw up 
close several bull moose, mountain lion tracks and wolf tracks.  Danger was being 
stranded in the woods overnight with temperatures going down to <40 F every night.  We 
finally made it to the fire road and out by 9:25 PM.
 August 29, 2005 – Hurricane Katrina totally wrecked New Orleans, parts of Mississippi, 
Alabama and Florida.  Levies caved in  New Orleans and Lake Pontchartrain poured into 
New Orleans together with the river.  May be biggest natural disaster in USA history.  
Thousands dead and stranded.  Hundreds of thousands of refugees living under terrible 
conditions unable to be rescued.  Cliff Lane and I are planning a consulting arrangement 
with IDSA and RCEs for infectious diseases.  More to come.
Bird flu activities continue with migratory birds now infected in Russia, Siberia, 
Kazakhstan.  Europe worried.
Sept. 2, 2005 – Interesting situation.  Congressman Henry Waxman might use an old 
document to help block the Bush nomination of John Roberts to the Supreme Court.  See 
letter in attachment:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 122 ---
120
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 123 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 124 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 125 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 126 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 127 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 128 ---
126
 
Sept .7, 2005 -  Still major disaster in New Orleans, Mississsippi, Alabama.  Likely 
major repercussions about lack of ppreparedness on the part of State, local, and Federal 
government in not heading warnings for years that the levees could not withstand a 
category 4 or greater hurricane.  In fact, the levees caved in and N.O. was flooded 80%.
Sept. 9, 2005 – Briefed Pres. Bush today in the Roosevelt Room on update in Pandemic 
Influenza Preparedness.  This was in follow-up of our previous meeting on July 29.  I was 
with Sec. Leavitt, Julie Gerberding, Bruce Gellin.  On the White House side was the 
POTUS, VP Cheney, Scooter Libby, Josh Bolten, Scott McClellan, Andy Card, Attorney 
General Alfred Gonzales, Harriet Meiers, Robert Zoellig from DoS, and others.  The 
POTUS was very engaging.  Half- jokingly he said that “Tony will have to fix this 
problem for us with his research…”   Another good and productive briefing of the 
POTUS.  Mention was made about not repeating the errors of Hurricane Katrina 
response. 
Sept. 14, 2005 – Briefed Carol Kuntz today on the DHHS $7 to 9 billion supplemental 
budget request for FY2006 for Pandemic Influenza Preparedness.  She wanted my 
opionion so that she could transmit this to the Vice President who wants to know what I 
think of the feasibility of the request
Sept. 15, 2005 – Accompanied Sec. Leavitt and Bruce Gellin and Julie Gerberding to 
brief 3 cabinet secretaries today on Pandemic Flu.  Briefed Sec. of VA Jim Nicholson, 
EPA Administrator Steve Johnson and Treasury Secretary Snow.  Got an e-mail from 
Fran Townsend of HSC who mentioned that the President has mentioned that he always 
feels more comfortable when he knows that I am working on important health problems 
(see visit to the POTUS on Sept. 9).
Sept. 19, 2005 – Again, accompanied Sec. Leavitt, bruce Gellin, Julie Gerberding and 
Bill Raub to brief Sec of  Agriculture Johanns and Admininstrator of USAID Andrew 
Natsios on plans for Pandemic Influenza Preparedness.
Sept. 23, 2005 – Had very interesting and enjoyable evening at a reception at the home of 
Mark and Nicole Wallace in honor of Kristin Silverberg in celebration of her 
confirmation (a couple of months  ago) as Assistant Secretary for International 
organizations in DoS as well as her birthday.  Present among many others were a number 
of White House personnel such as Michael Gerson, Josh Bolten, Michael Allen, Randy 
Tobias (DoS), etc.  Interesting part of the evening were the in depth and intense 
discussions that I had with Josh Bolten and Mike Gerson about the difficulties in funding 
the POTUS’s planned programs over the next few years given the fact that Hurricane 
Katrina will cost over $100 Billion and Hurricane Rita is still percolating in the Gulf of 
Mexico.  Important dilemmas – Do you let the deficit explode? Do you cut domestic 
programs (difficult to do since the amount would be trivial compared to what is needed)?  
Do you defund the war in Iraq (impossible)?  Do you abandon all or (as I suggested) part 
of the Tax Cut program?  Very enjoyable and interesting evening. The Wallace’s live on 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 129 ---
127
4434 – Hawthorne Street, which is 2 blocks from my house.  Christine Grady 
accompanied me.
Sept. 28, 2005 – Sec. Leavitt, Julie Gerberding, Bruce Gellin, General Gordon (CIA) and 
I briefed a groups of Senators on H5N1 influenza pandemic potential in a “top secret” 
briefing at the Capitol.  Among the Senators were:  Ted Kennedy, Barrack Obama, Tom 
Harkin, Durbin, Reid, Patrick Leahy, Max Baucus as well as others.  Typical Washington 
phenomenon ensued – two days later they proposed an amendment to a Defense Bill for 
$4 billion dollars for H5N1 preparedness emphasizing buying Tamiflu instead of the 
balanced Vaccine/Therapy approach that we had suggested.  In addition, they knew (we 
told them) that we were preparing a big ($7-9 Billion) supplemental request for the HHS 
FY2006 budget for vaccines/drugs.  It was clear that they wanted to trump the 
Administration since the bill was proposed by Democrats as well as Frist, who is clearly 
positioning himself to run for President in 2008.  I love it!!
Sept. 30, 2005 – Appeared again (many times now) on the Lou Dobbs CNN Show to 
discuss bird flu.  He obviously respects me very much.  Of note, lately the DHHS people 
in OC (Bill Hall, Suzy DeFrancis Christina Pearson, and mostly Patti Conrad– I am not 
sure who is the culprit) have been hijacking the media requests for me when we ask for 
permission (routine) to accept.  Usually these are “rubber stamp”; however they are 
trying to insert the secretary on shows that specifically ask for me.  I feel that this is fine 
since the Secretary should trump everyone.  However, they are lying about it since they 
are telling us that when they offer up the Secretary, the shows are glad to have the 
Secretary instead of me.  However, I heard directly from Wolf Blitzer of CNN that he had 
specifically asked for me.  The DHHS people called him up and said that I could not do it 
since I had a prior commitment and they suggest that the Secretary take my place.  We 
had made it perfectly clear to the DHHS people that I was totally free and able to do it.  
They are really acting poorly.  Why do not they just say that they want to insert the 
Secretary and not lie about it and give the networks the choice of me versus the 
Secretary.  I guess I have no recourse.  At the end of the day it will backfire on them.
Oct. 6, 2005 – A fever pitch is on about the Pandemic Influenza preparedness related to 
the heightened awareness of the potential, the fact that new cases were seen over the past 
few weeks in Indonesia, the POTUS giving a speech before the UN General Assembly 
about the need for international preparedness, the meeting of Sec. Leavitt and I and others 
with CEO’s off pharmaceutical companies, and a series of briefings that Leavitt, Bruce 
Gellin and I have been giving to members of Congress and Senators.
Many media appearances by me despite the above steering to Leavitt.  Leavitt 
himself has been terrific.  We are quite a team with the media and the briefings.  
Today, Leavitt and I briefed the POTUS in the Oval Office at 1:00 PM.  Hot 
sticky day for October.  The POTUS had the usual extremely attentive and warm 
receptions for me.  He joked that he had mentioned my name at a press conference that he 
held yesterday and he does that whenever he wants to appear smart.  He just mentions my 
name and people assume that he knows what he is talking about.  We had a few laughs 
about other things also.  At the briefing were the usual cast of characters including: the 
VP, Andy Card, Josh Bolten Scooter Libby, Dan Bartlett, Scott McClellan, Fran 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 130 ---
128
Townsend, Tevi Troy, Rajeev Venkayya, Candi Wolff, etc.  We briefed him in 
preparation for the meeting that is will have tomorrow in the Roosevelt room with the 
CEOs of Pharma to encourage them to help us prepare for pandemic flu.
Oct. 7, 2005 – More media appearances, NBC, CNN, German TV, BBC, etc.  Leavitt and 
I helped POTUS in the Roosevelt room talk with the CEOs regarding how we can engage 
them in building a vaccine production capacity.  The POTUS heard from them what I had 
told him the previous day, i.e. that we much revitalize the production capacity not just for 
H5N1, but we must create a sustainable market and capacity for seasonal flu that will 
then provide a major head start in the event of a pandemic flu.  CEOs present were: 
David Mott of MedImmune, David Williams of Sanofi-Pasteur, JP Garnier of GSK, Dick 
Clarke of Merck and Howard Pien of Chiron.  Again, the POTUS was very interactive 
with me when he came in and left.  He concentrated heavily on the CEOs during the 
meeting.  Afterwards, Scott McClellan had Leavitt and I give a press conference in front 
of the White House.  Multiple cameras, etc.  I will leave for SE Asia tomorrow with 
Leavitt to visit Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Viet Nam, and Indonesia.
October 8 – 18, 2005 – Trip to SE Asia as part of delegation of Secretary of HHS 
Michael Leavitt.
Countries visited – Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Viet Nam, and Indonesia.  Purpose of the 
trip was fact-finding in association with the threat of an H5N1 pandemic influenza. 
Delegation included Michael Leavitt, Paula Dobriansky (Under Secertary of State for 
Global Affairs), Jong-Wook Lee (Director-General, WHO), Kent R. Hill (Acting 
Assistant Adm. For Global Affairs, USAID), James Butler (Deputy Under Secretary of 
Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agriculture Service), Suzy DeFrancis (Assistant Sec. 
for Public Affairs, DHHS), Julie Gerberding, Margaret Chan (Assistant Director general 
and Rep of WHO for Pandemic Influenza), H.E. Changchui (Assistant Dir.-Gen., Food 
and Agriculture Organization – FAO-), Alejandro Thiermann Pres. World Organization 
for Animal Health – OIE ), Kenneth Bernard (Advisor to WHO Dir. Gen.), William 
Steiger, Kerry Weems (Deputy Chief-of-Staff, DHHS), Vaughan Turekan (Special 
Assistant to Paula Dobriansky), Allyson Bell (Director, Scheduling and Advance, 
DHHS), Jay Hodes and Michael Lonetto (Security).
Please see files for details of whom I met and when.  I will list some of my impressions 
below.
Major impression of the trip was the consistencies as well as the variabilities of 
the 5 countries visited.  Thailand was certainly the most advanced.  They were taking 
very seriously cleaning up and keeping clean the commercial poultry industry.  They 
export chicken (mostly parts pre-cooked) all over the world.  The problem is with the 
small farmers who have variable number of chickens in their back yards.  
The most disturbing yet very interesting was Cambodia due to a society that was 
still trying to recover from the Khmer Rouge genocide.  It is a beautiful people; very 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 131 ---
129
sensual looking. Men almost effeminate.  The sexuality of both men and woman stood 
out. (This was also seen to some extent in Thailand.) The Institut Pasteur in Phnom Penh 
is the best science they have there.  
I was very impressed with Laos.  I expected a stark, Communist-style society.  It 
was very warm and friendly.  People seemed to look upon us as if we were normally 
there.  They did not stare, nor did they smille too much.  They were “very normal” 
looking.  Bill Steiger and I had a terrific time running around the track in the National 
Stadium.  The Laotian National Track team was practicing there at dusk and we ran until 
it got dark.
Viet Nam was amazing.  Hanoi was a vibrant, bustling exciting-appearing city.  
The most amazing experience was trying to walk across the street with the motor scooters 
and cars going very fast and literally messing into each other from multiple different 
directions. It was incredible that they did not hit each other continually.  The word from 
the CDC folks who were with us was that you needed to just cross the street and not look 
or speed up or slow down.  Just cross at the same pace and the scooters and cars will 
avoid you.  It was scary.  Haiphong was a different story.  It was more stark and gray.  
The Vietnamese women are incredibly beautiful.  We stayed at the Hanoi Hilton – 
beautiful hotel, run by Vietnamese, but very western. It seems incredible now given the 
energy, beauty and talent of these people that we could ever had been at war with them 
for so many years.  Interestingly, they seemed to love Americans.  It appeared to be very 
genuine.
Indonesia was similar to what I imagine Hong Kong to be.  Many skyscapers in 
an Asian country.  The polluted stench in the air was similar to (but not quite as bad as) 
Delhi.  
Oct. 8, 2005  (Saturday)– Left IAD 
Oct. 9, 2005 – Arrive Bangkok via Tokyo on commercial flight.  Met by Ambassador 
Ralph (Skip) Boyce and Health Attaché Jordan Tappero.  Skip was terrific and we hit it 
off very well during the trip.  He knows Jim Huskey from prior DoS activities. He was in 
Beijing with Jim during the Tianman Square incident.  Stayed at Conrad Hotel.   Settled 
in at hotel.  Extremely hot and muggy.  This was just at end of rainy season and we 
expected rain, but got very little throughout the trip.  However, I can remember the heat. 
Visited with deputy Prime Minister in the ornate, but beautiful Government House.  Of 
note, the Deputy PM mentioned how happy he was that Thailand offered assistance to 
USA during the Katrina Hurricane disaster.  Also met with Health Minister Suchai 
Charoenratanakul and Prat Boonyawongvirat Acting permanent Secretary.  Our CDC is 
not entirely satisfied with the performance of the health ministry.  The Thais seemed to 
be fixated on whether and how much Tamiflu the USA will give them for their stockpile.  
We celebrated the 25th Anniversary of the Thai MOPH – US HHS/CDC (TUC) 
Collaboration.  Had multiple meetings and luncheons with United Nations reps and 
NGOs.  Here and elsewhere, we had numerous Press Conferences.  Suzy DeFrancis 
(Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs) clearly did not want Julie or I in the spotlight (see 
above comments).  She literally kept the press away from us so that they would 
concentrate on the Secretary.  The Secretary was cool about everything; Suzy was the 
problem.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 132 ---
130
    Had a great reception at Skip Boyce’s house.  Typical Ambassador’s house and party.
Oct. 11, 2005 - Next day we toured a typical commercial poultry farm – Charoen 
Pokphand Foods PCL..  Much press.  We all suited up with protective gear (booties, caps, 
gowns, etc.).  The commercial farms are very careful about bird flu and are meticulous in 
preventing infections.  There was no history of infection in these flocks – all infections in 
backyard and small farm flocks.  We visited a small poultry farm and saw the differences 
between commercial and small farms. Had lunch at airport restaurant and took off for 
Phnom Penh, Cambodia
Arrived at Cambodia and checked into Raffles Hotel in Phnom Penh.  Got a 
“Country Briefing” from U.S. Ambassador Joseph Adamo Mussomeli.  He is a very good 
guy – relaxed and friendly, but very competent.  That afternoon and evening we met with 
the Cambodian Minister of Health – Nuth Sokhom and signed a memorandum of 
understanding.  Had a reception at the Raffles Hotel and then to bed.
Oct. 12, 2005 – Series of meetings with officials.  Met first with Minister of Agriculture, 
Forestry and Fisheries.  It was clear that Cambodia was far less well-prepared than 
Thailand for a bird and/or human pandemic.
      Met with Deputy Prime Minister and Amb Mussomeli had a firm exchange with the 
Deputy Prime minister in which Joe objected to the fact that the Cambodians had arrested 
a Cambodian Journalist for writing a story negative to the regime.
     Next visited the Institut Pasteur in Phnom Penh.  The Institut Pasteur has 29 foreign 
satellite institutes throughout the world.  Cambodian institute began in 1935, but was 
wiped out by the civil war and then by Khmer Rouge.  It was re-established in 1995.  
Sirenda Vong is a young scientists at the Institut Pasteur who made a very nice 
presentation about their work.  He is a rising star in my mind.. Julie Gerberding got 
acutely ill in Cambodia with vomiting and diarrhea.  Lasted only part of a day.
     Met with King Norodom Sihamoni and toured the Imperial Palace.  The King is an ex-
ballet dancer.  He is single.  
     Visited the Genocide Museum.  The story is horrible. 1.2 million people (10% of the 
population) were murdered, usually following torture over a 5 year period.  After the 
Khmer Rouge took over, they evacuated Phnom Penh and literally murdered anyone who 
was middle class and/or educated.  They murdered people merely if they wore 
eyeglasses.  They had this genocide maniac mentality (similar to the Nazis) of 
documenting everything that they did.  The walls of the museum showed thousands of 
photos of people who were put into the prison (now museum) which was originally a 
high school.  They would photograph them, document their arrest, torture them and then 
kill them.  Either they died of the torture, starvation, etc. or they sent them to the killing 
fields to be hacked or bludgeoned to death.  They kept meticulous medical records of the 
dying and deaths of the prisoners.
We then visited with a group of NGOs who explained to us the problem of 
trafficking in Cambodia.  It is a complex problem since the people who are trafficked are 
usually sold by their family because of poverty.
That afternoon, we flew to Vientiane, Laos and check into Lao Plaza Hotel.  Bill 
Steiger and I had a terrific evening run (right as the sun set) in the National Stadium 
where the Lao National Track Team was practicing.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 133 ---
131
Had a reception-dinner that night at the home of Amb. Patricia Haslach.
Oct. 13, 2005 – Spent day in Vientiane meeting with a variety of Ministers.  Met with 
Minister of Public Health Dr. Ponemek Daraloy.  He is a good person, well-regarded in 
health circles in SE Asia.  He is an old Pathet Lao.  Visited Mahoset Hospital and then 
visited the Prime Minister and the Minister of Foreign Affairs..  Signed MOU.  Met with 
Dr. Siene Saphangthong and then in mid-afternoon flew from Wattaya International 
airport to Hanoi, Viet Nam..
Arrived at Hanoi Noi Bai Airport.  Motorcade from airport to downtown Hanoi 
was fascinating as we passed a bustling suburb with extremely interesting “vertical” 
architecture of homes and offices.  Checked into the Hanoi Hilton Opera Hotel.
         
Oct. 14, 2005 – Met with Minister of Health Tran Thi Tring Chien.  Then went to 
National Institute of Hygiene and Epidemiology and met with its Director Dr. Nguyen 
Tran Hien.  He is a terrific person and I sent him a signed copy of Harrison’s after I 
returned home.
Also met with the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development Cao Duc Phat.       
Also, met with Prime Minister Phan Van Khai in a very elaborate Government Palace at 
1 Bach Thao Street, Ba Dinh District with an enormous bust of Ho Chi Minh.  The Prime 
Minister was extremely impressive.  He spoke on all of the issues without notes.  He was 
well-versed and clearly knowledgeable about specific issues.  Had dinner hosted by the 
MOH.
Oct. 15, 2005 – Great experience.  Visited the “wet markets” in Hanoi and got an great 
feel for the bustling nature of this vibrant city.  
     Drove 2 hours 15 minutes to Haiphong and visited Provincial Health Department.  We 
had lunch at Van Tue Restaurant for Government Officials and then went to Viet Tiep 
Hospital to visit their Clinics.  It was in this region that the cluster of cases occurred.  
MOL visited with the family who got sick and who were featured on CNN a few weeks 
ago.  Big difference between Haiphong and Hanoi in that Haiphong is clearly more 
dreary and less vibrant.
Oct. 16, 2005 – Flew to Tan Son Nhat International Airport in Jakarta, Indonesia. Stay at 
Four Seasons Hotel Jakarta.
Oct. 17, 2005 -   Visited NAMRU-2.  Was apparently a problem in that the Indonesian 
government was threatening to cut off dealings with NAMRU-2 because they thought 
that NAMRU-2 was being critical of them.  We finally sorted it out and at the end of the 
day got the president of Indonesia to endorse NAMRU-2.
    We met with Coordinating Minister of people’s Welfare and Coordinating Minister of 
the Economy.  There are issues in Indonesia of difficulty in transparency related to the 
diffuseness of the country.  17,000 islands with a population of 220 million (4th largest 
country by population).
     Met with President Yudhoyono. He was very impressive and knowledgeable.    
     Flew from Jakarta to Tokyo on PM of Oct. 17 and arrived in Tokyo on Oct. 18
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 134 ---
132
Oct. 18, 2005 – Flew Tokyo to Dulles Airport.
Oct. 19, 2005 – “Intrigue” at the White House
Upon return from SE Asia, we have just heard that the overall responsibility for 
Pandemic Influenza will be handed over to the Homeland Security Council (HSC) run by 
Fran Townsend.  Also, DHS will be playing a more significant role.  We believe that this 
relates to several factors: 1) the preparedness planning involves multiple agencies and so 
there is a need for a coordinating entity. 2) The WH is concerned about the fact that it has 
taken so long to get a plan out and now we realize that we need an Federal Plan (all 
agencies) as well as a National Plan (State, Local, Federal).  3) Anxiety about the failures 
of FEMA around Hurricane Katrina and the need to have centralized control over a 
potential disaster (in this case pandemic flu). 4) WH staff wanting to assert themselves
Also, it is becoming more and more obvious how the Public Affairs people at 
HHS are trying to block Julie Gerberding and me from being out front with the Press.  
They keep intercepting requests by the Press for me and Julie to put the Secretary out 
there.  This was seen in SE Asia and again is seen here.  However, there is so much press 
going on that I am getting plenty.  They are, however, sucking off the good offers that I 
get (network TV).  In this regard, I am still doing a lot of CNN
Oct. 19, 2005 – Incredible evening.  U2 gave a concert at the MCI Center in D.C.  Bono 
arranged for premier tickets for Chris and me.  We met with Bono in the hospitality suite 
before the concert and exchanged warm hugs and discussions.  Amazingly, in the middle 
of the concert in front of >25,000 people, Bono dedicated a song (“Miracle Drug”) to me.  
He praised me and said that I was doing wonderful things for HIV/AIDS globally and 
then dedicated the song to me.  After the concert, he invited Chris and me to a private 
reception at his hotel  - The Ritz-Carlton in Georgetown – for drinks and discussion.  
Everyone was bussing that he dedicated a song to me.  I thanked him and we discussed 
the need to keep up the PEPFAR program and make sure that we do not stop drugs in 
people because the program phases out.  There is no sign that the Administration will 
phase the program out after the 5 years are up.
Oct. 20, 2005 – Am wearing thn with exhaustion.  No sooner did I return from SE Asia 
that I had to go to Chicago to receive the 2005 Scientist of the Year Award from R & D 
Magazine.  Took place at a black tie affair at the Navy Pier in Chicago.
Oct. 21, 2005 – Much press regarding trip and updating on pandemic flu.  The whole 
world is getting exorcised.  Chickens now infected in Russia, KazakstanChina, Romania, 
Turkey.  Clearly, migratory birds are bringing the disease West.  Was on CNN, C-SPAN, 
NPR, Bloomberg News, etc.
Oct. 24 – 28, 2005 – Hectic week with bird flu and grand jury indictment of I. Lewis 
“Scooter Libby” for perjury, obstruction of justice and making false statements in the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 135 ---
133
investigation of the leak that Valerie Plame was a CIA agent.  She is the husband of Jim 
Wilson who has been criticizing the war in Iraq.
Oct. 24 – briefing by me , Julie, Bruce Gellin and Secretary Leavitt (MOL from here-on) 
of several cabinet members in the Cabinet Liaison Office in EEOB.  Subject – pandemic 
flu.
Oct. 25, 26 – Boston to deliver Baruj Benacerraf Lecture at Harvard and Dana Farber 
Cancer Center.  Nice dinner at Harvey Cantor’s house to celebrate Baruj’s 85th birthday.  
Say Jenny in Cambridge after the dinner on Oct. 25.  Wonderful time with my amazing 
daughter!
Oct. 27 – continue briefing of Hill members.  Briefed Tom DeLay, Steny Hoyer, and 
others.  Incredible attention to pandemic flu in this country.
Oct. 28 – Briefed Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert.  The POTUS will unveil the 
Pandemic Plan at NIH on Nov. 1.  I have been doing considerable press.
Nov. 1, 2005 – POTUS came to NIH to unveil the National Flu Pandemic Plan. Beustiful 
Fall day with crystal clear skies and temperature around 65-70.  I along with Sec Leavitt, 
Elias Zerhouni, Julie Gerberding, and others greeted him as he arrived.  During his 
speech he specifally thanked me for my work.  Attending the speech in Natcher 
Auditorium were several Cabinet Secretaries including Coni Rice, Minetta, Mike 
Chertoff, Johanns among others.  With the POTUS was Karl Rove, Fran Townsend 
among others.  POTUS gave a good speech.  Afterwards, I did a media blitch and 
appeared on CNN Wolf Blitzer, CNN Lou Dobbs, CBS Evening News, Charlie Rose and 
did many print and radio interviews.  Ted Kennedy is concerned about the liability issue.  
He agrees that we should give liability protection to the pharmaceutical companies to 
keep them in the business of influenza vaccine manufacturing.  However, he feels that we 
must also provide compensation for those that might be injured by the vaccine.  He 
appealed to me to discuss this with the administration.  He followed this up 2 days later 
by having his staffer (David Bowen) call me and get more advice from me about how 
they could tackle this problem.
Nov. 2 - 3, 2005 – Testified with MOL, Julie G., Bruce Gellin, and Bill Raub at both the 
Senate and House Appropriations Subcommittees for HELP.  We discussed the 
President’s Plan as well as the more detailed HHS Pandemic Plan.  We were generally 
well received, but there was the usual partisan skepticism on the part of the Democratic 
regarding the fact that the Plan asks the States to put up about 75% of the cost for a 
portion of the Tamiflu that would go to them.  The point was made that the States do not 
have enough resources to do this.  MOL makes the point that this is a co-pay situation 
similar to what is done for prescription drugs in Medicare and Medicaid.    Much press.
Big stuff going on with the indictment of Scooter Libby.  The Democrats are 
trying to drag in the VP and the entire WH, claiming that there was a wide conspiracy to 
cover-up the fact that the WH distorted intelligence to get us into a war with Iraq and that 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 136 ---
134
Joe Wilson was smeared by outing his CIA wife in order to get back at him for 
disagreeing with the evidence used for going to war with Iraq.
Nov. 3, 2005 – Top secret meeting at EEOB regarding conduct of certain experiments in 
the area of developing countermeasures.  Cannot elaborate because of top secret nature of 
discussions.  More press regarding Pandemic flu  plan.
Nov. 4, 2005 – Tesitified before the House Government reform Committee with Tom 
Davis Chairing. Same cast = MOL, me, Julie, Raub, Gellin.  This was a tougher Hearing 
in that this Committee is generally tough.  Both the Republicans and Democrats gave 
some heat to us.  As usual, the tough ones (Chris Shays, Dan Barton, Henry Waxman) 
were quite deferential to me and so I did fine. Dennis Kucinich made a spectacle of 
himself by pushing MOL on the issue of taking over Roche’s patent for Tamiflu.  
Kucinich wanted a government takeover and MOL argued that this would be a 
disincentive for companies to ever make scarce products (MOL is absolutely correct).
Nov. 5, 2005 – Met Senator Bill Frist at the St. Alban’s – St.Stephen’s/St Agnes football 
game (2:30 PM) at St. Albans field.  Beautiful Fall afternoon.  Temperature = 70 and 
totally sunny. St. Albans won 42-20.  Frist’s son Brian plays for St. Albans (junior year – 
special teams and safety).  Frist discussed a whole range of issues, particularly pandemic 
flu.  He wanted my opinion on the budget bill for flu ($7.1 Billion).  Also, ran into Tim 
Russert at the game.  He told me that he wanted me for “Meet the Press” to talk about 
bird flu within the next couple of weeks.
Nov. 8, 2007 -  Testified before the House Commerce and Energy Committee (Joe 
Barton, Chair).  MOL, Julie, me, Bill Raub.  Topic = pandemic flu.  Somewhat different 
twist.  Much discussion about funding.  Some Republicans such as Barton feel that we 
should not have an emergency supplement, but that we should have offsets.  This is 
contrary to what House Appropriations Chairman Jerry Lewis said at the Appropriations 
Hearing (see above).  He feels that it should be new money.
Nov. 9, 2005 – Spirited Hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on 
Pandemic Flu.  I testified along with Julie G., Andrew Natsios (USAID), and Paula 
Dobriansky (DoS).  Committee chaired by Paul Lugar.  Present at Hearing were Sens. 
Dodd, Biden, Obama, Sarbannes (all Dems.)  They kept pushing Julie and me about “who 
is in charge?”  We explained that it is primarily a health issue and in this regard, Sec. 
Leavitt is in charge.  In the sense that the issue may involve multiple Agencies, this is 
coordinated through the Homeland Security Council and Fran Townsend is in charge.  
They did not like the latter and were pushing for a “Flu Czar”.  We said that this was a 
bad idea.  There was a lot of animated back and forth.
After the Hearing, I met with Olafur Ragnar Grimsson, President of Iceland.  He 
was referred to me by Congressman Ed Markey (D-MA).  He is sponsoring an Icelandic 
Drug Co (“Actavis”) that makes generics for HIV drugs and he wants to get Iceland 
involved in helping out with global AIDS by making 3-in-1 drugs available free to some 
countries and sold at minimal prices to others.  He wanted my advice.  I strongly 
suggested that he contact PEPFAR in the form of Mark  Dybul.  I also suggested that he 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 137 ---
135
contact “Doctors without Borders” and Bono’s people (Jamie Drummond).  I will help 
them out to connect.  They had already approached Bill Clinton and the Clinton 
Foundation, but felt that they did not really have a substantive network.
Nov. 10, 2005 – Frenetic activity continues.  Briefed together with Bill Raub and Julie G. 
(by phone) and Jerry Parker (Stewart Simonson’s Deputy at OEPHP) Secretary of 
Commerce Gutierrez (he is last of the Cabinet Secretaries to be briefed).  Bruce Gellin is 
in Geneva with Stewart for Global Planning meeting for Pandemic Flu.  They stopped in 
Paris to visit Institut Pasteur.  This was in the middle of the riots around Paris by Muslim 
French Nationals who are enraged at poor living conditions and alleged prejudice in 
French Society against them.  
We also briefed the House Armed Services Committee and I gave a personal 1-
on-1 briefing to my old friend Sen. Barbara Mikulski.  She was gracious and very glad to 
see me.  This evening Sec. Leavitt and I and Michael Osterholm (connected from 
Minnesota) did the Nightline Show with Ted Koppel from D.C.
Nov. 20, 2005 – Press still hot and heavy.  I appeared on “Meet the Press” with MOL, 
Julie Gerberding, and Mike Ryan (WHO) about bird flu.  Many e-mails saying that I gave 
a great interview.
Nov. 23, 2005 – Press activity still very heavy.  I appeared today on the Diane Rehm 
Show and CNN’s “The Situation Room”.  
     Michael Osterholm sent me an e-mail saying that he was concerned that I was saying 
on the air that the probability of an H5N1 pandemic this winter is low.  He says that 
“health reporters” are e-mailing saying that I am giving confusing messages.  I am 
absolutely certain that the “health reporter” in question is Laurie Garrett who is 
inherently hysterical.  I am disappointed in Michael since it is very clear that I am saying 
that the probability of a pandemic (in the broad sense – any new virus) occurring is very 
high based on historical precedence.  However, the probability of there being an H5N1 
pandemic of the scale of the 1918 Influenza over the next month or two is low.  
NONETHELESS, we must assume the worse case scenario and prepare as if it will 
happen in its worse form and it will happen soon.  I have been very consistent about this.  
I am actually asking the actuarial and probability people like Don Burke to figure out if 
we can add some science to this concept.
Nov. 25, 2005 – HHS Flu Summit for States will take place on Dec. 5.  Julie Gerberding 
and I are at collegial “odds” with the DHHS people (Laura Lawlor and John Ogwanobi) 
in that we feel that the Department and the CDC specifically should be the first ones 
discussing the Plan.  The Agenda as of today has MOL (as appropriate) speaking and 
then we bring on Rajeev from HSC, Jeff Runge from DHS, a person from DoA.  Julie 
does not come on until after lunch.  Even I (speaking on the science of flu as I usually do) 
come on before Julie.  There is already concern in Congress and in the Press as to “who is 
in charge”.  I feel that the CDC should be right up front on this.  HHS and MOL are is 
charge, but the major health instrument for preparedness and response is the CDC.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 138 ---
136
Nov. 26-30, 2005 – Media continues for me with Lou Dobbs, CNN Wolf Blitzer (The 
Situation Room), WTOP radio, CBS News, etc. regarding bird flu.  
     The preparation of DHHS for the States Flu Summit on Dec. 5 is a major mess.  Laura 
Lawlor somehow has taken over the preparation and it seems that no one knows what we 
are supposed to do.  MOL has taken  a major interest in a 75 city tour of himself, Julie, 
me and perhaps others to tell the States of their “responsibility” to be prepared locally for 
a pandemic flu.  Every time this subject comes up, the States push back by saying that 
they have no money and the Federal Government is giving them an unfunded mandate.  
What I see is a clear example of a Secretary who is a good person who has gotten too 
personally involved in an issue and who is doing some of the planning off the top of his 
head and as a result there really is no one truly in charge of making sure something is 
done correctly.  Everyone on his staff (John Ogwanobi, Suzy DeFrancis, Kerry Weems, 
etc.) is afraid to say that the 50 states tour is likely to be a disaster.  They are like a Greek 
Chorus telling him in this case that it is a good idea.  They do not know what the goal is 
or even why they are doing it.  I strongly suspect that Suzy DeFrancis deep-down thinks 
that this is a campaign swing and , frankly, MOL does also to some degree.  I have told 
Stewart Simonson and Bruce Gellin that I feel it would be a disaster.  I do not want to be 
a part of it and have asked Stewart to tell Rich McKeown this.  Rich is the most sensible 
one there and so hopefully I can get out of most or all of the tour.  They want me for my 
credibility, but this is local and state public health stuff, which is not my area.  Also, I am 
hearing that the White House knows how disorganized they are and are getting anxious
   The attacks in the press on Stewart Simonson seem to be winding down, but Sarah 
Luecke of the WSJ will be coming out with a big article.  I have spoken to her and 
hopefully she will give a balanced story.
Dec. 1, 2005 – World AIDS day.  I was invited by the White House to be a Principal at 
the POTUS Speech (EEOB 450).  As with last year, the POTUS specifically recognized 
me as being in the audience for all of the work that I have done in AIDS.  Peter 
Mugyenyi from Uganda was there as was an AIDS mother from South Africa and her 2 
children who had benefited from the PEPFAR program.. 
    Had coffee with Julie Gerberding after the ceremony at Starbuck’s on Pennsylvania 
Avenue and she feels exactly the way I do about the States Summit and the “tour” (see 
above).
Dec. 2, 2005 – Had pre-Table Top preparation at HHS with MOL, Julie Gerberding, 
Stewart Simonson, Bill Raub, Bruce Gellin, Jesse Goodman, Rich McKeon and the entire 
DHHS staff.  I  have concern over these exercise since they are unrealistic and always 
make everyone look bad.  I tried to interject some common sense into the discussions, but 
there were too many people who were acting like they knew what they were talking 
about.  I generally do not like those “group” briefings of the Secretary since everyone 
trials to look smart and few people have a clue of what is going on.
    That evening, went to an incredible affair at the Kennedy Center with Christine. It was 
the Grand Opening of the Family Theater sponsored by the Catherine B. Reynolds 
Foundation Series for Artistic Excellence.  After the show which included extraordinary 
superstars, we had dinner on the stage of the Eisenhower Theater!!.  It was incredibly 
elegant and all the Washington Glitterati were there.  At my table with Chris was David 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 139 ---
137
Rubenstein of the Carlyle Group, Super-Attorney Bob Barnett, UNICEF President Ann 
Veneman, Former Sen. John Breaux (D-La), Rita Braver (producer for CBS).  At the 
dinner were every media and politico you could imagine.  The dinner was amazing and 
we all had a great time.
Dec. 5, 2005 – Big meeting (“Summit”) at the Grand Hyatt in DC to roll out the plan to 
visit all 50 states to talk up pandemic flu preparedness.  Present were health officers of 
the big cities and all the states.  Presentations by MOL, Julie Gerberding, me and the 
usual cast of characters.  I am very anxious since MOL wants to take me with him on the 
tour to visit 75 locations in all 50 states to talk up preparedness.  I just do not have time 
for this.  Stewart Simonson and even Rich McKeown are aware of this and are trying to 
get me out of it.  However, MOL is so enamored of me that he wants me with him.
Dec. 6, 2005 – Strange article (Profile of me) on the front page of the Wall Street Journal 
by Bernie Wysocki.  It made it look like I have 100s of millions of dollars of biodefense 
money that I dole out at my whim to contractors.  The article was very likely (almost 
certainly) instigated by the lobbyists from BioPort (AVA anthrax vaccine) and from 
Hollis Eden (countermeasures for rad/nuc) who want contract money and did not get it.  
The article was extremely confusing since it mixed up what we do (research) and what 
HHS does (procure via BioShield).  Also, it made it look like there was no peer review 
and that I just hand out money to the “Fauci Club”.
Dec. 16, 2005  Paradoxically, mostly favorable responses to the WSJ article.  Most 
people interpreted it as indicating that I was a powerful player.  Publicity dying down 
about bird flu around holidays.  MOL went on the first of the State trips to Minnesota.  
With the help of Rich McKeown, I got out of the trip.  Julie Gerberding went and feels as 
I do that these series of trips will be a waste of time for us.
Article came out in WSJ by Sarah Lueck on Stewart Simonson with major quote 
by me defending him.  It was a fair article and will likely reverse the trend of bad press 
that he has been getting as being the “Michael Brown of Public Health preparedness”.  
Went to the VP’s mansion for a Christmas Party on Dec. 15 and then went to 
Lessons and Carols at the National Cathedral right afterwards.  Took Stewart Simonson 
and his parents (who are in town for the holidays).
Dec. 16-31, 2005 – Reasonably calm.  Still doing press regularly related to pandemic flu. 
On Dec. 27, 28, 29 did Today Show, Good Morning America, and CNN “The Situation 
Room”, respectively.  Bush popularity polls going up slightly after a terrible year related 
to Iraq, prison abuses, Valerie Plume leak (Scooter Libby, Karl Rove), Katrina, etc.  
POTUS speaking more to the press and admitting more that certain things have not gone 
well.  Am still trying to be low profile in requirement to travel with MOL on his 50 State 
tour.
Dec. 27-28, 2005 – Drove up to NYC with Chris and the girls to do Christmas 
sightseeing and to visit my father who does not travel down to DC/VA for the holidays 
the way he used to do years ago.  Had a great time.  Went to Bryant Park around 42nd 
Street and 5 Avenue (near NY Public Library and saw the Kenneth Cole tented exhibit in 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 140 ---
138
the Park.  It was a series of photos and plastic molds of foot imprints of people who had 
devoted themselves to fighting the AIDS epidemic.  My footprint was up there along with 
Angelina Joli, Brad Pitt, Whoopie Goldberg, Larry Kramer, Bono and a large number of 
other notables.
Dec. 31, 2005 – Carol Kuntz took Chris, me and the girls on a private tour of the West 
Wing.  It was terrific.  I got an interesting new perspective of the place since I have been 
there so many times over the past several years that I take it for granted and never really 
“look around”.  It was great to have a personal tour and take my time looking at rooms 
and furniture, some of which I have sat in when briefing the POTUS and others.
Jan. 4, 2006 – Met with David Rubenstein, Founder and CEO of The Carlyle Group.  He 
made me an amazing offer to join the firm as head of a Medical Venture Capital 
component of the Group. Compensation projected to be in the millions per year with a 
base salary of $1 million!  Obvious question is whether I want to get out of the classical 
scientific/public servant arena.
Jan. 26-29, 2006 – Attended the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland to 
participate in 2 events: 1) a dinner panel discussion on Pandemic Influenza and 2) a 
plenary panel moderated by Ira Flatow (NPR – “Science Friday”) on Pandemic Influenza.  
Other panel members included David Nabarro of WHO, David Stout of Glaxo-Smith 
Klein, the Minister of Health of Spain.  The meeting was unexpectedly enjoyable in that I 
went to “close-up” panel discussions, breakfasts etc with people like President 
Muschaaraf of Pakistan, President Karzai of Afghanistan, Bill Gates, Bono, Queen Rana 
of Jordan, Bill Clinton, a number of journalists, etc.  I was particularly impressed by 
leaders such as Karzai and Muschaaraf.
The activity and press interest in Pandemic Flu has calmed down somewhat with 
other issues in the news (Supreme Court Justice Sam Alito confirmation, Iraq, the Hamas 
election victory in Palestine, etc.)  Yet I still did a few CNN broadcasts from Davos.
Feb 3, 2006 – Attended Distinguished Lecture Series at Hilton Hotel with Chris.  Lecture 
by Bono to a crowd of several thousand in the Hilton Ballroom.  Bono spoke about his 
vision, etc.  He stopped during the talk to recognize me in the audience as a “hero” of his 
who has done an enormous amount for global HIV/AIDS, particularly in being the main 
player working with President Bush in developing PEPFAR.  Then several times 
throughout the speech when he mentioned global health or AID he would look in my 
direction and mention my name saying something like “I am sure that Tony would agree 
that….”  Bono has been incredibly generous to me in his public recognition of me.  He 
also mentioned that the USA and the world should support his “One Campaign”.  Of 
note, Jenny (Fauci) is a leader among the Harvard students in the One Campaign efforts.
Feb. 3 – March 6, 2006 – Continued intensive interest in the potential for an H5N1 
pandemic influenza with several media appearances. Also, I testified on March 2, 2006 
before the House Appropriations Subcommittee for Foreign Operations together with 
Julie Gerberding, Kent Hill (USAID) and Ambassador Nancy Powell (DoS).  Did Diane 
Rehm show in addition to other media.  Spent an 90 minute lunch briefing the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 141 ---
139
Washington, D.C. Bureau of ABC News (particularly George Stephanopoulos’s people) 
on bird flu.
Mar. 7, 2006 – Gave laudatio remarks at a reception in the Dirksen (430) Building at 
6:00 PM (beautiful crisp Winter day) in honor of Peter Piot who was celebrating 12 years 
at UNAIDS.  I reflected about his early days at Projet SIDA in Kinshasa, Zaire with Tom 
Quinn and Jonathan Mann.  Also, honored at the reception was Michael Iskowitz, 
formerly Sen. Kennedy’s Staffer, former White House AIDS Deputy Coordinator and 
recently at AIDS Action.  He is entering a private consulting arena.  Met and spoke with 
Sen. Hillary Clinton who recognized me specifically in her remarks.
Mar. 8, 2006 – Took quick trip to NYC to brief the NY Bureau of ABC News with 
David Westin (President) hosting me.  Afterwards, rushed back to DC to do a 
teleconference with the officials from all of the DC area (MD and VA) school officials 
from private high schools.
Mar. 12, 2006 – Had tea at the Four Seasons with members of the Mothers to Mothers to 
be (M2M2B) an African Program founded by Dr. Mitchell Besser (Rich Besser’s brother) 
and involving HIV-infected South African women who have delivered babies (some 
infected, others not) and who now work with other mothers to be who are HIV-infected 
to educate them, empower them and help them live a positive life.  They are visiting the 
USA at the request of First Lady Laura Bush stemming from her trip last year to Africa 
where she met these women.  The Mothers Program is partially funded by PEPFAR.  I 
will Chair a panel discussion at Georgetown tomorrow where the women will discuss 
their work.
March 13, 2006 – Presentations at the White House (East Room) with Laura Bush and 
Randy Tobias followed by brunch in the State Dining Room. Mrs. Bush thanked me for 
serving as the Panel Chair.  Had good conversations with Kristen Silverberg, Randy 
Tobias, Michael Gerson, Carol Thompson and other White House folks.
   After the presentations at the White House we went to Georgetown (Healy Building – 
Gaston Hall) for the panel discussion.  It was a beautiful sunny an unseasonably hot (84F) 
day for March 13.  Other members of the Program were Gene Falk and Robin Smalley.
Mar. 21, 2006 – First day of Spring 2006.  Had phone conversation with Carol Kuntz 
today and she was concerned that there have been “policy time” briefings with the 
POTUS regarding pandemic flu involving Sec. Leavitt where she thought that I should 
definitely have been included.  The POTUS asked some questions that Rajeev Vankaaya 
and Leavitt could not answer that Carol knew for sure that I would have been able to 
answer.  Carol asked whether I was having a problem with HHS.  I told her not at all, but 
I did mention to her my suspicion that HHS is trying to shed all of the light on Leavitt 
(probably because of his political aspirations) and having him share the spotlight with me 
or Julie Gerberding is something that makes HHS nervous.  We continually see this when 
press ask for me and HHS diverts them to Leavitt when we ask them for clearance for 
me.  Welcome to Washington!!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 142 ---
140
April 3, 2006 – Over the past 2 weeks, there has been continued medium-high interest in 
the ever expanding bird flu situation with a constant low-level stream of new human 
cases and more countries getting either migratory birds or chicken flocks infected.   
Current number are 188 infected and 103 dead.  Recently, there has been migratory birds 
(mostly swans) infected with H5N1 detected in Western Europe.  France as only country 
with some domesticated chickens and turkeys infected.  They quickly handled it by 
culling.  Other countries such as Italy had migratory bird(s) infected, but no chickens and 
still chicken sales in supermarkets and restaurants has plummeted by as much as 50 to 
60%.  My prediction is that infected migratory birds may (not definitely) make it to USA 
and that there will be very little contamination of chickens because of the agriculture 
controls.  Yet, it will affect (by misperception) the chicken industry.  
    There has been some backlash among people in press about the over-hyping of the 
threat.  I am in good shape here since I have always maintained that the threat, although 
non-quantifiable, is likely low.  This is in contrast to others such as Rob Webster, who 
says that there is a 50% chance that we will have a bird flu pandemic among humans with 
H5N1!!!   I have no idea how he came up with that number.  Also, my friend Michael 
Osterholm is also singing doom and gloom.
April 6, 2006 – Had dinner with Tara O’Toole of the Univ of Pittsburg Biodefense 
Program.  She had just testified at the BioShield Hearing on the Hill and wanted to get 
my perspective on how things were going with the Biodefense effort and if there was 
anything that she could do for me.  I explained to her that the reason the  current 
BioShield effort was not successful was that the Congress did not approve the Bill that I 
and VP Cheney and Scooter Libby had originally proposed.  The Congress limited the 
money to $5.6 Billion instead of an unlimited authorization to draw from the Treasury 
and the Appropriations Committees still controlled how much could be spent each year.  
Also, we could not do advanced development for products.  This put off the big 
companies (not enough money) and the little companies (advanced development) and so 
the process has not been entirely successful.  We are attracting marginal companies like 
VaxGen that cannot get to the goal post. 
April 8, 2006 – Attended the Annual Gala of the National Hospice Foundation at the 
Hilton Hotel on Connecticut Avenue, N.W. where I presented the Global Vision Award 
to Ambassador Richard Holbrooke. At my table were Holbrooke, Margaret Warner from 
the NewsHour, her husband John Reilly, Ann Morgan Vickery  and Bob Kyle of Hogan 
and Harston.  Usual gala-like atmosphere.  Has a chance to catch up with Richard 
Holbrooke, who is currently the President and CEO of the Global Business Coalition on 
HIV/AIDS.  We reminisced about our trip to Africa with Tommy Thompson in 2003.
May 2, 2006 – Dedicated Building 33 as the C.W. Bill Young Center for Biodefense and 
Emerging Infectious Diseases.  Terrific ceremonies with speakers being: me, EZ, 
Secretary Leavitt, Ralph Regula, Bill Young.  Tour of building, many festivities, 
beautiful sunny day.  
May 24, 2005 – Have had continual trickling in of cases of human infections with H5N1 
with most recent count of 218 cases and 124 deaths.  Fifty countries now have birds 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 143 ---
141
infected and 10 have birds and humans infected.  Of note that about 1-2 weeks ago it 
became apparent that there was a family cluster of 7 cases in Sumatra, Indonesia.  Recent 
evidence strongly indicates that this was human-to-human spread similar to the small 
cluster in Thailand in 2004 where 11 year old girl infected her mother and aunt who 
nursed her in the hospital before she died.  Similar situation in Sumatra where father 
nursed 10 year son and others in family slept in small room while one or 2 people were 
coughing all night.  Bottom line was a media blitz.  I was asked by HHS and White 
House to go to “Pebble Beach” on the  White House grounds and do wall-to-wall 
interviews to allay fears.  Fact is that the cluster looks like it is dead-ending.  I did 
interviews with NBC Evening News, CBS Evening News ABC World News tonight, 
Nightline, CNN Wolf Blitzer Situation Room, WTOP radio, MSNBC TV, etc.  Big time 
exposure.  HHS was very pleased with how I handled this volatile situation.
May 25, 2006 – I have not been recording this type of thing of late even though I have 
gone to several of these, but I went tonight to the 18th Annual National Education & 
Leadership (NELA) Awards Gala at the Omni-Shoreham given by the Sons of Italy.  I 
was the guest of Chuck Conconi (Washingtonian Magazine, formerly columnist for 
Washington Post) and his wife Janelle.  At the Table were Ed Henry (CNN White House 
Correspondent), Lloyd Hand, Mike Petruzzelo (Managing Director of Qorvis 
Communications) and Mr. Thompson (?first name) African American billionare and his 
date Cheryl Lee (CEO of BET).  Pres. Clinton and Hillery Clinton were guest speakers.  
Ran into the usual DC crowd – Sen Chris Dodd, Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro, Franco 
Nuschese (Owner of Café Milano – who was also an awardee), etc.
June 11 – 17, 2006 –  Went to Tuscana with Chris and the girls for a few days and then 
went on to Genoa for the annual review of the Gaslini Institute.  Wonderful time had by 
all.  Stayed in an amazing converted farm house (to a villa) owned by a friend of Jim 
Huskey’s from the Embassy in Florence.  The weather was amazing – warm and totally 
sunny during the day and cold at night requiring a fire in the fire-place and blankets in 
bed. Sunsets over the Tuscan hills with a glass of chianti was incredible.
June 20, 2006 -  Did a one hour face to face briefing of VP Cheny in his West Wing 
office on pandemic flu.  Also present was Carl Kuntz, David Addington (new chief of 
staff replacing Scooter Libby and Scott Diechman (new health person for the VP).  As 
usual, it was a lively briefing.  It is clear and Carol told me that the VP has said this that 
the VP very much looks forward to being briefed by me.  The day was a typical hot 
sunny 90 degree day in DC.
July 26, 2006 – Has been a busy few weeks with relatively mundane institute issues. 
Weather has been very hot - ~95+ degrees. Two days ago David Stout and Jean-Paul 
Garnier from Glaxo-Smith Kline called and briefed me on the great success of their 
H5N1 clinical trial using their proprietory adjuvant ASO3.  They got terrific results with 
3.8 micrograms X2 with adjuvant giving predictably protective responses in >80% of 
people compared to the Sanofi study (see above) that gave predictably protective 
responses at 90 micrograms X2 without adjuvant in only about 50% of people.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 144 ---
142
    I spent the greater part of July 26 with the press (mostly print – NY Times, 
Washington Post, USA Today, AP, Phil Inquirer, Bloomberg, Baltimore Sun, etc) as well 
as CNN (Christy Feig).  This is an important advance in trying to prepare for a pandemic 
flu since it seemingly overcomes the obstacle of a prohibitive requirement of high dose.
July 27, 2006 – Went to NYC to participate in the Pandemic Flu Summit at City Hall.  
Part of Secretary Leavitt’s program of visiting every state and some additional cities 
within states to talk about pandemic influenza preparedness.  Mayor Michael Bloomberg 
hosted us.  Secretary Leavitt spoke about the history of the 1918 pandemic in Utah and 
said that he came from a small town.  When it came to my turn to talk about the science 
of pandemic flu, I told the Mayor and the audience that I came from a small town called 
“Bensonhurst” and I brought the house down.  I mentioned that my father was born a few 
blocks away on Elizabeth Street and Grand Street in Little Italy.
The day was sweltering hot and sunny.  I got an exciting ride back to LaGuardia by an 
attractive young security woman named April who works in the regional office of the 
Inspector General of HHS.  She got me through traffic with sirens and blinking lights to 
catch my 3:30 PM Delta Shuttle in order to get to DC in time to pay respects at the 
retirement party of Carol Kuntz at the White House.  In her office in private, I gave her a 
gift of a statuette of Dr. Joseph Kinyoun with the inscription: “To Carol R. Kuntz With 
appreciation from your friends at NIAID”  She burst into tears.
August 15-16, 2006 – Things have been fairly uneventful since last entry (July 27).  I 
was one of the featured panelists at the 16th International AIDS Conference in Toronto on 
August 16.  The session was “25 Years of AIDS – Reflecting Back and Looking 
Forward”.  Each of us gave a 7 minute presentation followed by a panel discussion.  I 
spoke on the “Scientific Response”.  Also presenting was Peter Piot of UNAIDS, H. 
Broadbent (AIDS patient), Gregg Gonsalves, and E. Madraa (African Community 
person).  Session Moderated by Richard Horton, Editor of Lancet, and chaired by Mark 
Wainberg and Helene Gayle (organizers of the conference).
      There were 30,000 people at the conference and about 6000-7000 people in the 
audience for our session.  Of note, a group of USA activist wanted to protest the fact that 
the USG was spending $90 million dollars on prevention this year and they thought that 
all that the USG was doing was purchasing the Orasure quicktest for HIV.  In fact, they 
were incorrect and a good part of the $ was going for actual prevention education.  The 
group was very nice and almost apologized for disrupting my session.  They stormed on 
stage with the usual chanting and signs that said “George, listen to Tony” and “This is 
only a test!” (referring to the Orasure test).  They disrupted me for the agreed-upon 2 
minutes and then let me give my talk.  I started the talk by saying “Thank you for the 
kind introduction” and the audience laughed.  The talk was very well received.  The 
major theme of the meeting was “Time to Deliver”, but the real theme was prevention.  
The meeting was opened by Bill Clinton and Bill and Melinda Gates.  I did a lot of press 
during the meeting and after I returned (Diane Rehm Show).
August 28-29, 2006 – Went to Amsterdam for the AIDS Vaccine 2006 Annual Meeting.  
Invited by Joep Lange.  On the evening of Aug. 28 I was part of a “Town Hall” – type 
meeting in Amsterdam where we discussed “Viral Threats”  The panel consisted of Ab 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 145 ---
143
Osterhaus of the University of Rotterdam, Marie-Paul Kieny from WHO, Jaap Goudsmit 
from Crucell.  It was moderated by a Dutch TV anchor.
   I gave the Opening Ceremony Keynote lecture on the evening of Aug. 28 and provided 
a “provocative” talk on “An AIDS Vaccine:  Will It Ever Fit the Classical Paradigm?”  It 
was extremely well-received by an audience of about 1000.  Others that took part in the 
Opening Ceremony were Job Cohen (Mayor of Amsterdam), Hans Hoogervorst (Dutch 
Minister of Health), Princess Mabel van Oranje-Nassau (Director, EU Affairs, Open 
Society Institute), Jean-Francois Rischard, Former VP of the World Bank, and David 
Salisbury (Director of Immunization, UK Department of Health).  We had a beautiful 
boat ride down the Amstel River to the Maritime Museum followed by dinner with all of 
the speakers and Joep Lange at the Amstel Hotel.  Charming evening, but the weather 
was raining and cool.
Sept. 3, 2006 – Had a most interesting dinner over Ellen and Gerry Sigal’s house in DC. 
Guest were Sherry Lansing (Hollywood producer – “Fatal Attraction”, Black Rain” and 
former actress) and her husband, Billy Friedken (Multiple Academy Award winning 
Producer, Director and Writer – “Exorcist”, “The French Connection”, etc. )  He is now 
producing (successfully) operas all over the world.  Also there were Joe Wilson, the 
ambassador involved in the big Washington issue of the Administration “misleading” the 
American public about WMDs in Iraq and his wife Valerie Plame , the CIA secret agent 
that was “outted” by Robert Novack’s column and for which Scooter Libby has been 
indicted for perjury.  It was a most interesting discussion.  Valerie and Joe seemed like 
very nice people despite being trashed by the Administration.  Valerie insisted that she 
was still under cover despite the fact that it is reported that she had a desk job when she 
was outted.  Joe, as he has said on TV multiple times, feels that the WH officials are all a 
“bunch of liars”.  Also present were Washington power-lawyer (Watergate, Whitewater, 
9/11 Commission) Richard Ben-Veniste and his wife Donna.
Sept. 12, 2006 – Went to farewell reception at the Atrium of the Equinox Restaurant in 
DC for Michael Gerson (former speechwriter and current Assistant to the President).  
Reception given by DATA (Bono’s group)  Saw old friends their such as Erin Chapman 
Thornton and Jamie Drummond from DATA.  Mike is going to do a regular column for 
the Washington Post and Newsweek.
     Later in the evening went to an “Alliance for Aging Research” dinner and awards 
night at the Four Seasons Hotel in Georgetown at the invitation of Allan Fox of FoxKiser 
Law Firm (old friend – formerly of Jacob Javits and Ted Kennedy staff).  Dinner honored 
Sens. Orin Hatch and Evan Bayh.  During Hatch’s remarks, he specifically mentioned 
that he and I were dear friends and that I am one of the great heroes in medicine and 
public health.
Sept. 13, 2006 – I played a major role in the 90th Birthday Party for Dr. C. Everett 
(Chick) Koop at the Cosmos Club.  I delivered remarks.  The 2 MCs were Hilary Clinton 
and Orin Hatch.  My friendship with Sen. Clinton grows as she continues to be very kind 
and warm towards me.  I roasted Chick a bit, and the audience loved it (see my written 
remarks).
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 146 ---
144
Sept 25-27, 2006 – Trip to San Francisco for International Assoc. of Physicians for AIDS 
Care  (IAPAC) and ICAAC meetings and to speak at The Commonwealth Club.  I gave 
talks on HIV/AIDS – the next 10 years (ICAAC); the decade of HAART (IAPAC) and 
emerging diseases (Commonwealth Club).  The talks and the trip was a roaring success.  
Great weather, spent Sunday with Bob and Colleen Grady and Matthew and my family 
(minus Jenny in Brazil).  Great hotel in SF – the “W” across the corner from the Mosconi 
Center
Oct. 10, 2006 -  Attended the swearing in ceremony for Mark Dybul as the U.S. AIDS 
Coordinator with the Rank of Ambassador at the State Department (Benjamin Franklin 
Room).  Presiding was Secretary Condi Rice with Laura Bush present.  I was given a 
“seat of honor” in the first row – sat next to Michael Gerson (former speech-writer for 
Pres. Bush).  During her remarks, Condi specifically mentioned me – telling the story of 
how this all started (PEPFAR) years ago when the POTUS had his staff including Condi 
in the Oval Office and the POTUS was told by Tony Fauci, who is here with us today, 
that a lot of progress has been made in the treatment of HIV disease so that we could 
have a global impact.
    The day was a beautiful Fall day – bright sun and 75 F.
Oct. 19, 2006 – A lot of political maneuvering regarding the election of the next 
Director-General of WHO to replace J-W- Lee who tragically died of a subdural 
hematoma recently. Kristen Silverberg (now at State as Assistant Secretary) asked me 
about it at a dinner at Mark Dybul’s house the day before his swearing in (see above).  
The 2 candidates that I prefer are either Margaret Chan (Hong Kong) or Julio  Frenk 
(Minister of Health of Mexico).  Shigeru Omi from Japan, Bernard Kouchner from 
France (MSF), and Pascoal Mocumbi (Mozambique) are also among the contenders.  
Christopher Murray from Harvard called me today to push for Julio Frenk since he feels 
that he is the one who understands best the connection between science and public health.  
He knows that the White House has been and will contact me for my opinion and so that 
is why he called.
Oct. 20, 2006 – Served on a Panel at the Annual meeting of the White House Fellows 
Foundation and Association held at the Chamber of Commerce.  Subject was 
“Community Engagement and Preparedness” relating to terrorist and natural disaster 
threats.  On panel with me was Lee Hamliton, former co-chair of the 9/11 Commission 
and Patricia McGinnis, President and CEO of the Council  for Excellence in Government.  
Had nice conversation with Lee Hamilton who is the Director of the Woodrow Wilson 
Center in DC (he has been a friend for a few years).  Lee has been asked by President 
Bush to join with James Baker to come up with some alternative approaches to settling 
the quagmire in Iraq, i.e. a mid-course correction.
Oct. 21, 2006 – Went to NIAF annual dinner at the Hilton Hotel with Chris.  Usual 
celebrity show. Many friendly interactions with media (David Gregory of NBC; Sam 
Donaldson of ABC;  etc).  Hilarious impersonation of George W. Bush by comedian.  I 
received this award in 1994.  Major awardee tonight was Supreme Court Justice Samuel 
Alito.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 147 ---
145
Oct. 22, 2006 – Went to the Grand Opening of the House of Sweden (Swedish Embassy 
plus offices and art shows) on Georgetown Waterfront (right next to Sequoia restaurant).  
King Carl Gustav and Queen Sofia were greeting everyone.  Amazingly beautiful 
structure with views of the canal and the Potomac. Crisp Fall night with bright stars.  Of 
note, Queen Sofia asked specifically to speak with me after the greeting line finished 
since she had been told of my work with HIV/AIDS.  She is committed to helping Russia 
with its problem of HIV since she feels that the Russians would be more amenable to 
getting help from the Swedes than from the USA.  She wanted to talk about how we (she 
and I ) could work together on this.  Had good discussion with Kristen Silverberg about 
the problems the Administration is having.
Nov. 28, 2006 – Attended and spoke at the Aspen Symposium in DuPont Circle (DC).  It 
was an unusual gathering of Iranian scientists meeting with various US officials, 
particularly in the Dept. of State and HHS.  I was a main speaker and exchanged 
information with Iranians on HIV/AIDS, TB, and other diseases in Iran.  It was 
surprisingly frank and open given the tense relations between USA and Iran surrounding 
the Iranian nuclear program.  If fact, the Iranians who came to the USA were a bit 
nervous about the political fall-out for them.  I dealt with Kamiar Alaei and his brother 
Arash Alaei on ID issues in Iran. Also present was Dr. Abolhassan Nadim, the Chair of 
the Iranian Epidemiological Association.
Dec. 2, 2006 – Annual Christmas Party at Sam and Jan-Smith Donaldson’s House in 
McLean.  Have been going to these parties for at least the past 10 – 15 years.  The usual 
interesting and warm crowd was there.  This party is probably the most friendly of all of 
the D.C. “glitterati” parties, mostly because of the warmth and friendliness of Sam and 
Jan as well as the fact that the same people come every year +/- whoever is hot at that 
time in the news. Over the years, we have run into virtually everyone who is “known” in 
DC.  Some highlights from this year.  Nice conversation with Colin Powell about AIDS 
in African-Americans.  The recent UNAIDS numbers are out showing that of the new 
infections in the USA, among men, 50% are in Blacks and among women 65% are in 
Blacks.  On Nov. 30, I was supposed to be on the CNN Paula Zahn Show speaking about 
this, but at the last minute, their producer (Marie….) cancelled because she said that they 
have a guest who is really the “face of AIDS, since she got infected from her boyfriend 
by heterosexual sex”.  Turns out the guest is Regan Hoffman, the editor of POZ 
Magazine.  Regan is a beautiful, blond, blue-eyed WASP from Connecticut who clearly 
accidentally got infected from her white boyfriend who was almost certainly bisexual. 
For every one of these, there are 10,000 poor black girls in an inner city area who got 
infected from their drug-user boyfriends.  So there they were: beautiful, blond, blue-eyed 
and wealthy Paula Zahn speaking on TV with beautiful, blond, blue-eyed (likely also 
wealthy) Regan Hoffman smiling and saying how grateful she is that she has all the 
opportunities for treatment.  Her only “concern” is that the mother of her new boyfriend 
was concerned that she was infected; but now all is well because the boy’s mother is an 
“educated person”.  I had watched this on TV and almost vomited.  This was as far from 
the reality of what the “face of AIDS” is than I could ever imagine.  On Nov. 29 at a big 
HIV Prevention Meeting at the Mandarin Hotel in DC chaired by John Bartlett of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 148 ---
146
Hopkins and Ken Mayer of brown, one of the themes and the points that I made in the 
press conference is that AIDS in the USA was assuming the face of a young black 
woman.  My good friend Phill Wilson (CEO of the Black AIDS Institute in LA) gave an 
eloquent talk on this subject and he should have been with me on CNN instead of my 
getting bumped by Regan.  I was pissed because that one 5-10 minute segment on Paula 
Zahn likely undid by 100-fold the points that I and Phill were trying to make at the 
conference.  I had mentioned this to my CNN Producer friend Christy Feig and she was 
also appalled and has since brought it up to the CNN Board.  In any event, at Sam’s 
Party, I was still pissed and discussed this with Powell who has been spending time on 
the lecture circuit talking about prostate cancer, particularly in black men.  His comment 
was “What do you expect?…. It is CNN.”   He promised that he would bring  up the issue 
of AIDS in Black America in his lectures.  I have known Colin for years from the time 
that he was Secretary of State and I had briefed him on AIDS and went to the UN with 
him during an UNGASS years ago.  Also, had discussions with my old friend Lee 
Hamilton who is co-chairing the Iraq Study Group that will be giving their report to the 
Congress and the President in a few days.  It will be extremely critical of the execution of 
the Iraq War and rebuilding. Also discussions with – Antonin Scalia, George Will (ABC), 
Nina Tottenberg (NPR), Bob Shieffer (CBS), Bill Plante (White House correspondent) 
and many others.
Dec. 4, 2006 – Things mostly quiet on the NIH front.  Big problems in Iraq that are 
dominating the news with insurgency and civil war.  Bush is having a very hard time.  
Democrats have taken control of House and Senate, mostly by voter protest of the war in 
Iraq.  Had World AIDS Day with usual press interest.  Secretary Leavitt wanted me to go 
to China with him from Dec. 6 to 13; I first said yes, but then backed out since I really do 
not want to travel during this busy period and the purpose of the trip was secondary to my 
interest and involvement, i.e. economic and trade considerations with only a side order of 
health. Jenny Fauci doing great in Brazil. She loves it and will return on Dec. 23.  I am 
getting more and more involved in Global Health issues such as malaria, health care work 
force support in developing nations through the DDCF, XDR tuberculosis, etc.  Have 
given many talks over the past few weeks on these issues.
Dec. 13, 2006 -  I hosted a press conference to announce the breakthrough study that was 
prematurely stopped by the DSMB.  Study was the use of medically supervised adult 
male circumcision in Kenya (Kisumu) and Uganda (Rekai) to determine effect on HIV 
transmission.  Results were striking.  Study was safe and led to a 48% (Uganda) to 53% 
(Kenya) decrease in transmission.  Big printed press coverage including front page of NY 
Times.
Dec. 14, 2006 – Big White House Malaria Summit sponsored by Malaria No More and 
Introduced by Laura Bush with the POTUS giving Keynote Lecture.  Held as ½ day 
meeting at the National Geographic Society Headquarters on 17th Street in DC.  I had 
helped Gary Edson who was consulting for Malaria No More in the scientific background 
for the meeting which was mostly  talks by African Health Ministers, Melinda Gates, 
Faith-Based people (Rick Warren, etc.), Paul Wolfowitz, Margaret Chan (WHO DG).  I 
had nice chats with each of these.   Purpose was to increase awareness of malaria and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 149 ---
147
how with little money we can dramatically reduce malaria, particularly in Africa.  Spoke 
of results in Africa of the President’s Malaria Initiative (PMI) that over the past 2 years 
with $1.2 Billion for bed nets, indoor spraying with insecticides, and ACT (Artemisinin-
combination therapy)  malaria has been markedly decreased in certain countries.  MC 
was Isaiah Washington of “Grey’s Anatomy” TV show.  I met and interacted with the 
usual cast.  Also included Sens. Pat Leahy, Bill Frist, etc.
      VP Cheney’s Annual Christmas Party.  Chris did not come since she was setting up 
for the reception following the Annual Lessons and Carols at the Cathedral (I went later).  
Usual festivities with many people there.  Spent much time talking to Carol Kuntz.  Also, 
Scooter Libby was there awaiting start of his trial for providing false information to the 
Special Investigator (Fitzgerald) about the Joe Wilson/Valerie Plame issue.  Spoke more 
with Isaiah Washington.
Jan. 29, 2007 – Iraq war going very badly with civil war among Shia and Sunnis and 
insurgency running wild.  Bush popularity in USA way down.  The war is dominating the 
political scene in USA and particularly DC including discussions by Presidential 
candidates.  
Went to an interesting dinner tonight at the Metropolitan Club hosted by Dr. Ward (Trip) 
Casscells in honor of the Surgeon General of the Armed Forces of Iraq  - Samir Abdullah 
Hassan, M.D.  I sat next to him at dinner.  Good guy and smart and tough.  He explained 
the disaster that USA inadvertently promulgated by dissolving the Iraqi military.  The 
Provisional government (Paul Bremer) dissolved the Iraqi medical corps and so now they 
do not have any army hospitals or army doctors to take care of the wounded and sick 
Iraqi soldiers.  Also told me that the entire bureaucracy in Iraq (sewer, transportation, 
utilities) was run by the military and so when Bremer dissolved the military he 
completely destroyed the infrastructure of the country.  Samir feels that this was an 
amazing blunder.  Also, by dissolving the police, we now have anarchy in Iraq with 
criminal elements running wild.
Feb. 13, 2006 – Had dinner with Rahm Emanuel (Democratic Caucus Head and brother 
of Zeke Emanuel), Christine Grady, Zeke Emmanuel, Mary Richardson and a 
Washington Post reporter (?name) at Central Restaurant at 1001 Pennsylvania Ave, NW.  
We were in the middle of an ice storm that did not deter us.  Had very interesting and 
enjoyable conversations with Rahm about the Democratic Congress and the potential 
Democratic candidates for President in 2008.  Rahm used to work for Bill Clinton when 
he was POTUS and was part of Clinton’s original campaign team.  Rahm feels that 
Hillary has the inside track because of the Clinton machine, her experience, and lots of 
money.  However, he feels that Barack Obama will give her a tough race.
Feb. 14, 2007 – Briefed Bruce Miller (VP Cheney’s Chief of staff for biodefense) at the 
White House on AIDS, Pandemic Flu, Malaria, and biodefense in preparation for my 
future briefing of the VP that Bruce will set up.
March 5, 2007 – Went to great memorial for Art Buchwald at the Eisenhower Theater of 
the Kennedy Center at the invitation of Art’s son Joel and his wife Tamara.  Many VIPs 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 150 ---
148
there including Ethel Kennedy, Ben Bradlee, Tom Brokow, Dave Barry, and most 
important people in the media in DC and nationally.  It was a warm and hilarious event 
filled with stories about Art and film clips of him
March 6, 2007 – Busy day.  Unfortunately, Scooter Libby was convicted today on 4 of 5 
counts of lying to FBI and grand jury in association with the Joe Wilson/Valerie Plame 
CIA leak.  Had House Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing today and it went well.  
Also, had a farewell dinner at Oceanaire in honor of Alex Azar who is stepping down as 
deputy Secretary at HHS.  The old HHS crowd was there including former Secretary 
Tommy Thompson.  Had a great conversation with him.  He has put his name in as a 
candidate for Republican nominee for President.  He is optimistic about winning the Iowa 
Caucus.  He discussed with me the best plan that I have heard yet about how to handle 
the dreadful Iraq situation.  Also, at the dinner were Janet Rehnquist, Stew Simonson, 
Scott Whitaker, Bruce Gellin, Lester Crawford (recently convicted for lying on his 
financial disclosure when he was FDA Acting Commissioner), Paula Staudard, and 
others.  Very cold day in DC with temps in the teens.
March 13, 2007 – Briefed Vice President Cheney today in his WH office on second 
floor.  Beautiful “pre-Spring” day with temps around 50 and sunny skies.  He wanted 
briefing on Pandemic flu and biodefense.  I included a discussion about HIV/AIDS 
particularly the great success of PEPFAR since I wanted him to know that this 
Administration has done more than anyone in the world for Global AIDS.  The briefing 
was as usual for the VP and me, i.e. very friendly and expressing multiple times how 
pleased he was to get briefed by me since he enjoys it so much.  Also in the room were 
David Addington (Chief-of-Staff), Bruce Miller (Chief for Biodefense), Steve…? And 
Scott Deitchman.
March 16, 2007 – Have been preparing for a briefing of the POTUS on pandemic flu 
preparedness.  Interesting evolution of process.  The HSC staff (Joel Bagnell and Rajeev 
Venkaaya) want us (HHS) to present a major discussion of “gaps” in stockpiling and 
others want us to just update the POTUS.  Friendly tension going on.  Today, we (me, 
Bill Raub, Bruce Gellin and Eric Hargan – Deputy Secretary) briefed the Deputies in 
EEOB 208 in preparation to brief the Principals and then the POTUS.  Among them were 
junior staffers from WH as well as Rajeev, Joel Bagnell, Bruce Miller, Scott Deitchman, 
Jeff  Runge.  Continued disagreement about what the Secretary (MOL) will ultimately 
present to the POTUS.
March 19, 2007 – MOL, Bill Raub and I briefed the principals today in final preparation 
for the POTUS briefing.  Present were Fran Townsend, Michael Chertoff, Joel Kaplan 
(now Deputy Chief-of-Staff to Josh Bolten), Joel Bagnell, Bruce Miller, other cabinet 
people.  Briefing went better than on March 16.  We are about ready to brief the POTUS.
March 20, 2007 – Dinner at the Mellon Auditorium on Constitution Avenue, N.W. (13th 
Street) for Research! America.  Usual DC Glitterati.  At my table was Susan Dentzer 
(Newshour), Sam and Jan Donaldson, Tenley Albright, Paul Rogers.  Awardees were 
Don Seldin, Joe Goldstein, Mike Brown, Mike Wallace, Sen. Orin Hatch among others.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 151 ---
149
George Stephanopoulos was MC and I spent time catching up with him (knew him from 
Clinton White House days).  Was a coldish night outside.  Chris and Meg and Ali went 
off to California (Big Sur/Monterey) for Spring break.  Wish I could have gone, but 
POTUS briefing tomorrow.
March 21, 2007 – Briefing of POTUS today at 2:30 – 3:30 PM in Roosevelt Room on 
Pandemic Flu preparedness.  Secretary Leavitt, Bill Raub and I briefed him.  I did most 
of the formal briefing on state of the threat, vaccines, antivirals and diagnostics. Bill 
spoke on community mitigation strategy and the stockpile.  MOL spoke on overall 
responsibility of the USG versus states.  Present were the POTUS, VP, Karl Rove, Josh 
Bolten, Joel Kaplan, Dan Bartlett, Fran Townsend, Candi Wolff, Mike Chertoff, Paula 
Dobriansky (Undersecretary of State), several people from Joint Chiefs of Staff, Rajeev 
Venkayya, Joel Bagnell.  
    Briefing went very well.  POTUS was as usual very friendly and deferential to me.  
Was at times serious and at times jocular with his characteristic joking around.  When he 
came into the room, he looked at me and said “Fauci, glad to see you Tony.  I see we 
have the first team here today”.  It was the first day of Spring and it was unseasonably 
cold out and cloudy.
March 29, 2007 – Very interesting day. First, Megan received notification that she is 
accepted at Columbia, Barnard, and Yale with waiting list at Harvard and Dartmouth.  
Her top choices are Columbia and Dartmouth and so she will wait to hear more from 
Dartmouth before making choice.
Went to a reception given by National Italian American Foundation (NIAF) given 
at a private home in Georgetown (3032 – N Street, N.W.) in honor of Mayor Adrian 
Fenty.  Got to meet him again and chat.  Did not previously know this, but his mother is 
an Italian American.  Ran into my old idol from Brooklyn – Ken Aspromonte (brother of 
Bobby Aspromonte also my idol from the old days), baseball great from Lafayette High 
School and Brooklyn sandlot baseball who then played in Major Leagues.  He was born 
and raised in Bensonhurst like me and we shared some warm discussions.  Beautiful 
Spring evening.
          After the reception went to Café Milano and had dinner with the NIAF Board of 
Trustees.  Towards the end of the dinner, got up to go to men’s room and ran into Franco 
Nuschese, owner of Café Milano (who has always been very warm towards me).  He 
insisted on taking me into a private party in the restaurant that he was throwing for 
prominent blacks in DC and the nation.  I immediately ran into Secretary of State Condi 
Rice and Colin Powell who were very warm and engaging with me.  This was 
particularly true of Colin Powell who threw his arms around me and gave me a bear hug 
with a kiss on the cheek.  Over the past couple of years, I have gotten to be friendlier and 
friendlier with Colin, having seen him at various functions such as Sam Donaldson’s 
Christmas Party, etc.  All in all, a good evening.
April 17, 2007 – Scooter Libby contacted me and asked that I write a letter to Judge 
Reggie Walton via Scooter’s lawyer William Jeffress to serve as a character reference for 
Scooter.  Scooter has been found guilty of perjury and obstruction of justice in 
connection with the Valerie Plame/Joe Wilson CIA leak (see above).  He is appealing the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 152 ---
150
case but may be sentenced to jail before his appeal is heard.  The purpose of the letter is 
to try and keep Scooter out of jail during the appeal.  I wrote him a very supportive letter.
April 18, 2007 – Testified before the House Committee on Homeland Security together 
with Gerry Parker, Jesse Goodman (FDA) and Jeff Runge (DHS) on the successes and 
failures of Bioshield.  Committee chaired by Jim Langevin.  Hearing called because 
several of the companies that were trying for Bioshield procurement contracts had failed, 
i.e. Vaxgen for rPA and Hollois Eden for Neumune (to protect and regenerate BM after 
radiation).  Richard Hollis testified against the USG and Dr. Davis from HGS (that makes 
AbThrax – monoclonal antibody against anthrax toxin) testified favorably towards the 
USG.  Hollis looked like a whiner and the Hearing went fine.  It is clear that Bennie 
Thompson, the overall Chair is in the pocket of the lobbyists as his questions reflected a 
“presumption” of failure on the part of DHHS and BioShield.
April 20, 2007 – Briefed Joel Bagnell and Rajeev Venkayya at the WH on the rolling out 
of justification for classified research.  Some friendly tension between Joel and me in that 
they wanted us (CDC, FDA, HHS, NIH to sign off on the roll-out document and there 
was a phrase in there that did not clarify that we do not do classified research.  It asked us 
to justify with all of our research why it should be unclassified making the default 
position that everything should be classified.  I had them change it to read that we should 
explain why it is not classified as opposed to justifying it as being unclassified.  We came 
to an agreement.
April 24, 2007 – Had lunch with Scooter Libby today at the Daily Grill in the Bethesda 
Hyatt.  Hot muggy and sunny day.  Has been cold up until now.  Scooter looked very 
worn and down.  I gave him a big hug and he looked like he was going to have tears. I 
asked about the trial and he said that they really expected a not guilty verdict and that is 
why they did not pull out all of the stops and ask the VP to testify.  Also, it was clear that 
Reggie Walton was “preening” for this since he had the courtroom wired for the press 
and bloggers which they never do.  He proclaimed complete innocence and is hoping that 
Bush will pardon him.  He is sad that he has not been pardoned already and feels that 
perhaps if it looks like he will go to jail the POTUS will then pardon him.  He feels that 
there are politicos in the WH who do not want the POTUS to pardon him since it will 
make the Administration look even worse that the 30% approval ratings.  I told Scooter 
that I could not imagine that the POTUS will allow him to go to jail, particularly with the 
VP pulling so hard for Scooter.  I spent the rest of the time briefing Scooter about 
biodefense updates.
   Also, had meeting at the White House called by Rajeev Venkayya and Mike Magan on 
XDR-TB including reps from CDC (Julie G. and Ken Castro), HHS (Craig 
Vanderwagen, Gerry Parker) DoD, DHS, State, USAID, Mark Dybul.  Bottom line was 
to coordinate the multi-Agency efforts.  Good meeting. We (NIAID) has already put 
together a strategic plan as has CDC and so HHS looked good.  Mark Dybul mentioned 
that the Policy Time with the POTUS on PEPFAR funding did not go well today.
April 25, 2007 – Had a lunch/reception at the White House followed by a presentation by 
Laura Bush and President Bush in the Rose Garden to celebrate the first ever Malaria 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 153 ---
151
Awareness Day in the USA.  Day was sunny, hot and muggy.  I was given a reserved seat 
in the second row.  Had major and important conversations during the reception with 
Randy Tobias, Mike Gerson and Josh Bolten.  Apparently, at a meeting with the POTUS 
yesterday on PEPFAR funding, there was some opposition to maintaining the funding 
level.  Likely the major mover of  this restricted funding was Karl Rove.  Condi Rice is 
out of the country, but will be supportive of expanded funding.  Josh Bolten is supportive 
also.  Josh asked me what I thought and I came on strong.  Josh pointed out that this was 
supposed to be a $15 billion program with $3 billion per year for 5 years.  Josh said that 
at the time that I developed the program, I said that we could not absorb the entire $3 
billion in the first years and so we would do more in the later years.  Now the program is 
at $5 billion per year, which means that just to sustain it without increases would cost $5 
billion per year for 5 years or $25 billion.  Many conservatives would oppose this as a 
bottomless pit.  I also argued that we should get rid of the mandated 33% for abstinence 
of the 20% prevention money.  I am attaching an e-mail that I sent to Josh after getting 
back to my office in which I clarify my position:
Josh:
   It was good to see you at the Malaria event today and I appreciate your listening to Randy, Mike 
and me. I know that you are very much supportive of the full funding and even increase of the 
initiative and I know that this view is not shared by all.  However, just to reiterate what I said to 
you and what you already know, this is one of the most important things that this administration 
has done and is doing.  The people of Africa look upon us with great admiration and gratitude 
because of PEPFAR.  We just cannot let it slip.  True, we cannot commit to treating every 
infected person in the target countries, particularly since there are 4.3 million new infections 
worldwide each year, mostly in developing countries.  However, we are making significant 
progress in prevention. I know that you are aware of how impressive the circumcision data are.  
In addition, although we are still years away from a vaccine, the most recent candidate has 
entered a phase 2 trial internationally (including Africa).  Even if it does not totally prevent HIV-
infection, there is a reasonable chance that it will slow the progression of disease if people do get 
infected, and this will result in lower levels of virus in their bodies, which in turn makes 
transmission to others less likely.  I tell you this because I believe that we are on the cusp of a 
slowing down of transmission, which would dampen the possibility of a "bottomless pit" of 
infection in target countries for which we would feel obligated to treat.  Finally, with regard to 
prevention, I am sorry that I was at first not clear about my position on abstinence being 
mandated as one third of the 20% prevention piece of the pie.  We get enormous bad press (that 
often overshadows the enormous good that we are doing) because we mandate a specific 
number for abstinence.  The faith-based organizations are going to push abstinence with the 
prevention money that we give them anyway.  Therefore, abstinence will indeed be pursued 
through PEPFAR.  By mandating it, those who do not think that this is the way to go will only drop 
out of the funding stream and declare the program dysfunctional when it really is a breath-taking 
success.  On balance, it is my opinion that if we remove mandated categories of prevention, 
abstinence programs will still go on in Africa and PEPFAR will be praised by everyone, 
deservedly so.
  I am sorry if I came on somewhat strong at the White House with you, but I feel deeply that 
PEPFAR is such an historically great program (that would not exist if it were not for you) and I 
want it to function optimally.  As always, if you need me to pitch in on this and articulate my views 
to anyone, please call upon me.  I would jump at the chance.
Thank you and best personal regards,
Tony
During the Rose garden ceremony, the POTUS actually got up and played the drums with 
a troop of Senegalese/American dancers who provided entertainment on the stage in the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 154 ---
152
Rose Garden.  As he left the stage and went back to the Oval Office, we caught each 
other’s eyes and he said “Hi Denny”, walked a few steps, turned around, came back and 
said “What am I talking about,  Hi Tony”; he laughed and went on.
April 27, 2007 – Went to the National Cathedral this AM to see Megan receive the honor 
as one of 12 NCS girls to be inducted into the “Cum Laude Society” .  It was a beautiful 
ceremony at the Cathedral.
    Found out during the evening as I was on the way to a Nats Baseball game (call from 
Greg Folkers) with Bob Seder, Stewart Simonson, and Gary Nabel that Randy Tobias just 
abruptly resigned effective immediately.  There is a woman who runs an “escort service 
and sexual fantasy service” who is being charged with running a prostitution ring.  She is 
a bit bizarre and is using as a defense that if her girls did prostitution, then they did it on 
their own.  For some unexplainable reason, she released the cell phone numbers of the 
clients of her girls and Randy’s number was on the list.  ABC News confronted Randy 
and he stated that he merely used the girls to get massages and had no sex, but he 
resigned anyway.  My impression is that unlike Attorney General Alberto Gonzales who 
will not resign and keeps embarrassing the POTUS with his incompetence in handling the 
firing of the Federal Attorneys, Randy does not want to cause more bad press for the 
POTUS.  Irony is that Randy runs the AID Programs which require recipients of Federal 
Funds to condemn prostitution.  This is probably the reason that he resigned, i.e. the 
appearance of hypocracy.
April 28-May 6, 2007 – Just a very busy time for me preparing for the Board of 
Scientific Counsellors Review of my Lab (LIR) to take place on June 4.  Weather turned 
absolutely beautiful – typical DC Spring with sunny skies and balmy temperatures.  Have 
been following over the past several weeks the St. Alban’s baseball team.  They are 
having their best year in decades.  Danny Hultzen (pitcher/first base) is clearly the best 
pitcher in the league and one of the best hitters.
May 7, 2007 – Went to the British Embassy for a Garden Party in honor of the visit to the 
USA of Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip.  Everyone who is anyone in DC was there.  
Spent time speaking with Sen. Joe Lieberman, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Majority 
Leader of House Steny Hoyer, Columnist David Brooks, CNN’s Judy Woodruff, Fox 
News Chief Editor Britt Hume, Former Mayor of Baltimore Schmoke, Harvey Fineberg 
of IOM, etc.  Spoke with Prince Philip who showed an astounding lack of understanding 
of what is biomedical research.  He asked me what I did and I explained.  He said “Of 
medical stuff; that is statistics, i.e. numbers”.  I explained that we actually do research to 
answer questions.  He insisted that it was all about statistics of diseases.  I said that the 
statistics inform us of the extent of the problems, but then we do basic and clinical 
research to diagnosed, prevent and treat diseases.  He then said, “Oh yes, like I said, it is 
all about numbers”.  I hope that he was just jet-lagged.
May 10-14, 2007 – Had one of the most intensely busy weeks  in recent memory with 
preparations (rehearsals) for my upcoming Board of Scientific Counselors review of LIR, 
NIH Budget Retreat, NIH Roadmap Retreat, Commencement Address at Penn State, 
Major talk in Miami to AAI,  NIAID National Advisory Council Meeting, and Senate 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 155 ---
153
Appropriations Hearing Testimony – all in 5 working days.  It was exhilarating in a 
strange sort of way.  Almost like being on call as an intern and having 5 admissions in a 
row.  After a while, it does not make any difference how many they send you.  Weather 
has been spectacularly beautiful – typical Washington Spring weather.  Sunny, dry, warm 
in day, cool at night.
May 19, 2007 – Gave Commencement Address at Penn State University College of 
Science
May 24, 2007 – Went to Sons of Italy Annual NELA (National Education Leadership 
Awards) dinner at the Washington Grand Hyatt Hotel on 10th and H Streets.  I took 
Megan with me and she really enjoyed it.  Sitting at our table was Nancy Pelosi and Rosa 
DeLauro.  Megan got to meet and speak with them as well as Hilary Clinton, Geraldine 
Ferraro, Italian Ambassador Castellenata among others.  Megan was amazed as Sen. 
Clinton was on her way out after having presented Geraldine Ferraro with an Award and 
we thought that we would not have the opportunity to introduce her to Megan.  Hilary 
walked past me, caught my eye and gave a big smile, and threw her arms around me in 
greeting.  Megan could not believe it.  I introduced Megan and Clinton asked about her 
school and her plans for next year.
May 24 – June 17, 2007 – Extremely busy:  
Sometime since last entry (May 24) I was informed by Jack Marberger (Science Advisor 
to the POTUS) that I would be receiving the National Medal of Science in a White House 
ceremony in July.  I am humbled.
Also, Scooter Libby convicted by seemingly vengeful and self-absorbed Judge Reggie 
Walton and sentenced to 30 months – amazingly excessive!  Also, Walton published all 
of the letters written on Scooter’s behalf including mine.  Other letter writers were Paul 
Wolfowitz, Donald Rumsfeld, General Pace, Henry Kissinger, etc.  Science magazine 
(Jon Cohen) wrote a small piece about my writing a letter.  He originally thought that I 
would be in trouble since I did it on Government Stationary.  Sorry John – I got clearance 
by OGC – Ethics Division since the CFR says that I can do this.  Typical Jon, good  
person that he is, he is still trying to get me on something – the instincts of a reporter!
June 3, 2007 – Gave Commencement address to Megan’s NCS graduating class.  It was a 
thrill giving it from the main pulpit at the National Cathedral.  It was extremely well 
received; got many, many personal comments and e-mails. Please see text of speech in 
my files.  Megan won many awards – Science Award, Community Service Award, Major 
Award voted by students as best all-around student, Major Award voted by faculty as 
best all-around student (first time at NCS that same student got both)
June 4, 2007 – Underwent Board of Scientific Counselors 4 year review of my 
laboratory – Laboratory of Immunoregulation.  I received the highest possible score 
(Outstanding).  I had been preparing for this review for almost 1 year since I wanted to 
nail it given that I am Director of NIAID and my review would be carefully scrutinized.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 156 ---
154
June 6, 2007 – Major, major world publicity regarding patient (Andrew Speaker) who 
had Extensively Drug resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) and traveled by plane to a number 
of countries in Europe despite somewhat bungled instructions by Georgia (he is from 
Atlanta) Health Officials and the CDC to not travel.  The CDC looking real clumsy on 
this and the media continue to go after Julie Gerberding (Director, CDC) about this and 
other issues.  I believe that she is being treated unfairly by the press and the Congress.  In 
any event, I appeared with Julie and a customs official (Speaker crossed the border from 
Canada  to New York after secretly flying from Prague to Montreal) at a Senate 
Appropriations Committee Hearing (Tom Harkin, Chair) on the subject.  I was there to 
discuss the science of TB.  Julie got slammed by the Committee and Speaker was on the 
next panel and said that the CDC was lying. What a mess.  I was on major media 
appearances for the next week – Nightline, NBC News, 20/20 (about Heimlich and 
malaria treatment for HIV), NPR Morning Edition, WTOP Radio, CNN American 
Morning, etc)
June 18, 2007 – Informed by Don Koshland of the Lasker Foundation that I will be 
awarded the Lasker Award for Public Service in September ($150,000.00) – amazing.  
Thus, in 2007 I have won the Kober Medal for Physician Scientist, the National Medal of 
Science for Basic and Clinical Research and now the Lasker Award for Public Service.  I 
have a lot to be thankful for!
    Ironically, had dinner over Ellen and Gerry Sigal’s house last night with Joe Wilson, 
Bill Wilson and Melody (Confidante of the Kennedy’s), Richard and Donna Ben-Veniste, 
Judge Judy who is trying the crazy $54 million “lost pants in the Dry Cleaners case and 
her husband Greg.  I mentioned to Ellen that if Joe was pissed at me because I wrote a 
letter for Scooter, then I would not come to the dinner.  Joe was very gracious and 
insisted that I be there.  We had a good discussion and he said that he understood why I 
wrote the letter.  He, however, is filing a civil suit against VP Cheney, Karl Rove, and 
Scooter and so it is not over yet.   Amazing how different are the perspectives of what 
happened between Scooter and Joe/Valerie.  I am in the unusual situation of being friends 
with both parties.
June 18, 2007 – Accompanied First Lady Laura Bush at Howard University Hospital for 
a roundtable discussion of the implementation by Howard of the new CDC 
recommendations for the “Routinization” of HIV testing.  Celia Maxwell (former NIAID 
fellow) led the discussion for Howard. Very cordial interactions with the First Lady and 
her staff, particularly Katy Montgomery.  She was engaged and interactive.  Very hot day 
in DC – sunny, slightly hazy and 94 degrees F.  I explained to her the benefits that are 
coming out of this testing program as well as the PEPFAR program internationally.
June 21, 2007 – Met with Nancy Pelosi in her “Speakers Office” at the Capitol to discuss 
the funding of the University of California at SF Center for AIDS Research (CFAR).  
They did not get the funding amount that they had hoped for and we finally worked it out 
to everyone’s satisfaction by getting some extra money from OAR and the NHLBI to 
give them the additional $771,000.00 that they requested.  Nancy was satisfied.  I went 
with Elias Zerhouni and Marc Smolonsky from OLA at NIH.  Her main staffer was Scott 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 157 ---
155
Brule.  Nancy was as usual very warm and cordial to me.  We discussed a plan that she 
had to get extra money to the NIH through a budget supplemental.  She felt that if we 
wrap in the cancer package, all of the Congress would be in favor even though it was 
understood that it would go way beyond cancer.  Elias and I and Marc will world on a 
strategic plan for the initiative and get back to her.
             Visited by USA Ambassador to Indonesia (just appointed) Cameron Hume.  I 
know Cameron from time he was Ambassador to South Africa and we (Cliff Lane) 
established the Phidisa Project with the South African Military to treat HIV infection in 
the military.  Cameron left South Africa and became (briefly) Ambassador to Sudan 
(during the Darfur crisis).  He is on his way to take over in Jakarta and wanted me to brief 
him on Pandemic Influenza threat and what the USA is doing in this area.  Indonesia is a 
hot spot for recent cases of chicken to human H5N1
Chris and I had dinner tonight at the home of Australian Ambassador to the USA 
Dennis Richardson and his wife Betty to celebrate the visit of immunologist Ian Frazer 
(wife Caroline) who is the 2006 Australian of the Year.  His research led to the 
development of the HPV vaccine with Merck (Gardasil).  Good food and conversation at 
the beautiful Ambassador’s residence at 3120 Cleveland Avenue, N.W.  Balmy Spring 
night in DC.
June 21 – July 4, 2007 – POTUS commuted 30 month jail sentence for Scooter Libby, 
but did not pardon him.  The conservatives are enraged that the POTUS did not go far 
enough to pardon Scooter and the liberals are saying that the commutation was a 
“disgrace”.  
     Went to the Gala Dinner of “The Golden Plate” with Chris.  Usual celebrity gala.  Met 
Hillary Swank for the first time.  Others at the dinner were Alberto Gonzales, Margaret 
Spellings, David Rubenstein (Carlyle Group), and many many others.  Sitting at Table 
with Chris and me were: Gen. Ralston (former Chairman of Joint Chiefs) Mac Macarty 
(former Chief-of-Staff to Pres. Clinton, Ann Venneman (UNICEF Director and former 
Sec. Dept. of Agriculture.  Entertainment by Brooks and Dunn – country singers who 
were fantastic (winner of many country music awards)
     Went to a Cocktail Buffet at Jamie Gorelick’s house on June 30 and met with the 
usual cast of DC notables: Richard Ben-Veniste, Bill Jeffress (Scooter’s lawyer), David 
Ignatius of the Washington Post, Seth Waxman (lawyer), Judy Woodruff (PBS), Al Hunt 
(Bloomberg News), Mark Shields (Newshour), etc.  Living discussions about 
Washington Politics, including the fact that I wrote a letter for Scooter.
July 5 – 7, 2007 – Went to the Aspen Ideas Festival in Aspen, CO.  Presented a session 
on “Emerging and Re-Emerging Infectious Diseases:  The Perpetual Challenge to Global 
Health”.  Beautiful mountain weather – warm, no humidity, clear skies.  Met and 
interacted with many, many notable people: Colin Powell, Bob Hormats (Vice-Chairman 
of Goldman Sachs), Rahm Emanuel, Tim Wirth, Margaret Spellings, Dan Glickman 
(former Sec. Agriculture and current CEO of Motion Picture Association of America), 
Walter Isaacson (CEO of Aspen Institute), Jim Woolsey (Former Director CIA), Jim 
Lehrer and his wife Kate (Lehrer NewsHour), and many, many more.  Very enjoyable 
experience.  Perhaps started a friendship with Corby Kummer, whom I had not met or 
heard of before.  He is senior editor at The Atlantic magazine. He is one of the most 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 158 ---
156
respected food journalists and he “narrated” the meal that was served to us at a very 
elegant dinner on July 6 at Plato’s restaurant hosted by Booz, Allan, Hamilton.  They 
brought in a chef from Denver and provided a meal made only from local ingredients 
(lamb, vegetables, corn soup, etc.).  We had long discussions and  we flew back together 
from Aspen to Denver.  He offered Chris and me use of his Boston Apartment when we 
come to Boston to visit Jenny.
July 10-14, 2007 – Went to Genoa for my yearly review of the Gaslini Institute.  It was 
the usual pleasant interactions with Lorenzo Moretta, Alain Fischer, and Sergio 
Romagnani (Committee members) as well as the people of Gaslini such as Gianni 
Melioli, Giovanni Rossi, Alessandro Moretta.  Since I was not allowed to take the 
honorarium this year of any more, this might be my last time doing this.
July 21 – 25, 2007 – Went to Sydney Australia with Chris, Megan and Alison to present 
the opening session plenary lecture on the topic of “HIV/AIDS in 2007:  Much 
Accomplished, Much To Do”.  We had to turn around quickly and come home and thus 
cancel our plans for a mini-vacation in Australia together.  Reason was that I had to 
return to DC to receive the National Medal of Science (see below).  The trip was 
nonetheless very enjoyable notwithstanding the length of travel time.  My talk went over 
very well, got much press and turned out to be the defining theme of the meeting that 
caught on with the press and the other speakers.
July 27, 2007 – Received the National Medal of Science from the POTUS at a 1:50 PM 
White House ceremony in the East Room.  Hot, sunny Washington day.  I was one of 8 
people who received the award for 2005 (yes 2005 – they are 2 years behind in awarding 
them).  The POTUS was very nice with me.  The Army Major who announced the names 
completely blew the pronunciation of my name despite having a phonetic crib in front of 
him.  The POTUS laughed and when I went up to the podium to get the medal and shake 
his hand, he put his arm around me and whispered in my ear “Maybe this guy does not 
know what you name is, but I certainly do”.  There was a nice reception after.  Condi 
Rice gave me a hug and kiss and joked about the mispronunciation of my name. We saw 
the POTUS leave from the WH lawn on Marine One Helicopter to spend the weekend at 
Camp David.  In the evening we had an elegant dinner with many guests from 
government at the Ritz Carlton on 22nd  and M Streets, N.W.  Guests at my table were 
Elias Zerhouni and John Gallin together with Denise and Jack Scorce.  Nice time.  I felt 
rather humbled by the amazing accomplishments of the other awardees (mostly physicists 
and engineers).
July 27 – August 30, 2007 – A number of relatively minor issues over the past 4 weeks.  
Had laparoscopic surgery for right indirect inguinal hernia on August 2 at Sibley Hospital 
by Dr. Martin Paul.  Minor complications of 2 ½ weeks of severe pain over the mesh that 
had developed a “seroma”.  It is fine now.
    Went to Seattle, WA to deliver opening session plenary lecture at the HIV/AIDS 
Vaccine 2007 meeting run by Larry Corey.   Talk well received.  Have been having very 
“scratchy” voice that has significantly interfered with my lecture since my Plenary in 
Sydney (when I first noticed it) in July.  I had laryngoscopy by Dr. Michael Siegel. It 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 159 ---
157
should some very minor “singer’s nodules” similar to what Pres. Clinton had but much 
less severe (Dr. Siegel took care of Clinton), as well as some inflammation indicating 
esophageal-laryngeal reflux.  Will start on antacids.
    Word is now out that I will receive the Mary Woodard Lasker Award for Public 
Service on Sept. 28, 2007 in NYC (see below).
August 30 – Sept. 13, 2007 – Went to NYC on Sept. 8 to visit my father for his 97th 
birthday.  Recently had baloon valvuloplasty of aortic valve for progressively refractory 
CHF.  Remarkable improvement following procedure. NYC was beautiful and warm.  
Chris, Jenny and Ali were with me and we had fun as always in NYC.  Megan is in 
Chicago with City Year (Americorps) and is lonely and sad since this is first time away 
from home.
Sept. 14, 2007 – Big day.  Went to White House for Karl Rove’s farewell party. Moving 
speeches by Josh Bolten (who showed PowerPoint slides on Karl’s years with the 
POTUS here and in Texas), the POTUS who choked up a few times when talking about 
Karl, and Karl himself who gave a very moving thank you to his friends at the WH.  He 
recounted how after Bush won the election Karl did not want to come to DC with the 
POTUS because he felt that although he was a good political strategist and tactician, he 
did not like internecine warfare and he saw that during the administration of the 
POTUS’s father George H.W.  Bush shook his head in agreement with this.  Karl went on 
to say that it would not be this way during his administration since it will be like a family 
and he would not allow backbiting.  My thought was that although this is an admirable 
thing, it might have had the unintended consequence of having a closed system that did 
not accept outside ideas very well.  In any event it was a warm affair.  I had the 
opportunity to chat with Josh Bolten, Karl Rove, Fran Townsend, Mike Chertoff, Charles 
Krauthammer, and many other notables.
    After the ceremony we waved the POTUS off from the balcony in Marine One on the 
way to Camp David for the weekend. I had a scheduled briefing of First Lady Laura 
Bush’s staff with Anita McBride (Chief-of-Staff), Carrie Underwood (Deputy Director of 
Policy and Projects), and several others.  The briefing went very well.  I talked about 
global health issues and what the FLOTUS could do for the last year domestically and 
internationally to promote the health agenda.  I will be suggesting places that she could 
visit. To do an event similar to what we did together at Howard University (see above – 
June 18, 2007).
Sept. 15-16, 2007 – Press announcement for the Lasker Award.  Almost immediately, 
scores of congratulatory e-mails started arising.  My picture was in the Washington Post 
with an article; article in NY Times and picture and article on Monday (Sept.17) in USA 
Today.
Sept. 19, 2007 -  Over the past few days, literally hundreds of e-mails and letters coming 
in regarding Lasker Award from friends, colleagues, people I knew years ago such as 
nurses from H-4 ward at NY Hospital, White house people, congressmen, etc.
      Today had meeting at White House (EEOB-428) run by NSC (Mike Falan) and HSC 
(Rajeev Venkayya) to discuss updating and broadening the vision of the NSC/HSC TB 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 160 ---
158
White Paper that we (NIAID) had contributed to a couple of months ago when we 
introduced our Research Agenda for MDR/XDR-TB.  Beautiful Fall day (crisp and 
sunny).  Meeting from 9:00 to 11:00 AM followed by briefing from Tachi Yamada 
(Gates Foundation) who came from Seattle to present to us (USG) out of courtesy the 
new $282 million Gates TB initiative.  In preparation for this I alerted Rajeev that we 
really needed to coordinate the many USG activities on TB and present it in a vision 
format so that the POTUS could claim the legacy of having addressed AIDS (PEPFAR), 
malaria (President’s Malaria Initiative – PMI) and now TB.  It would be the 3rd leg in the 
stool of his Global Diplomacy program.  Rajeev agreed – unfortunately, he will be 
leaving government on Sept. 26.  It was great working with him over the past few years.  
His background is that he trained as an MD at Michigan and was actually Chief Medical 
Resident when Tachi was Chairman of Medicine at Michigan.  In any event, we will 
update and sharpen our USG White Paper.
Sept. 20, 2007 – Another great crisp Fall day.  
Heard real bad news regarding the Merck AIDS vaccine trial 502 in which adenovector 
HIV was immunogen.  Study done mostly on gay men and phase 2b was looked at by 
DSMB on usual periodic look.  Trial closed for “futility” in that the data showed that 
more people got infected in vaccinate group versus unvaccinated group (19 vs 11 – not 
significant, but highly suggestive).  Also, viral set point exactly same in infected people 
who were vaccinated versus those that were not.  Trail stopped – press releases imminent.  
It is going to be a hot time.  People will focus on whether we should proceed with the 
Phase IIb of PAVE 100 (Gary Nabel’s VRC trial).  The latter also was a adeno vector, 
but is different in 3 ways: 1) it has a DNA prime; 2) it has envelope; 3) it is done also in 
heterosexuals.  More to come.
Went to Gate-sponsored dinner at Le Paradou Restaurant at 678 Indiana Avenue, NW in 
honor of retiring President of Botswana Festus Mogae.  I had met the President in 2002 
when I went to Africa with Tommy Thompson in 2002 to develop PEPFAR.  At the 
dinner were: Todd Summer and Cheryl Scott (Gates), Jeff Struchio (Merck), Bobby 
Pittman (NSC Director of African Affairs), Congresswoman Nita Lowey, Tommy 
Thompson, Max Essex  (Harvard School of Public Health), Ambassador John Lange 
(former Amb to Botswana), Jendayi Frazer, Assistant Secretary of State for African 
Affairs.  Nice evening.  I commiserated with TGT about his failed attempt at Republican 
nomination for President.  Nice conversations with Nita Lowey about Iraq (Democrat 
viewpoint), and warm conversation with Mogae regarding my work on AIDS.
Sept. 25, 2007 – Was panelist at Science Magazine’s annual retreat of their staff at their 
headquarters in Washington, DC.  Chaired by Editor Don Kennedy.  Lively discussion 
about the future of science and biomedical research.
    DSMB discontinues trial of Merck HIV vaccine based on Adenovirus vector.  Possible 
that vaccine actually made things worse.  Big setback for HIV vaccinology.
Sept. 26, 2007 – Farewell reception at White House for Rajeev Venkayya (Deputy 
Director – Homeland security Council).  I have worked closely with Rajeev for 5 years 
on Biodefense.  He rose from WH intern to deputy Director in 5 years.  He is someone to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 161 ---
159
watch; good guy; physician trained at U of Michigan and UCSF.  Usual cast of WH 
people, i.e. Fran Townsend, etc.
Sept. 27 – 28, 2007 – Glorious 2 days in NYC for the Lasker Awards.  Dinner on night of 
Sept. 27 at La Grenouille (Mary Lasker’s favorite restaurant).  Lasker Lunch at Pierre 
Hotel on Sept. 28.  Ralph Steinman received Basic Science Lasker; Alan Carpentier and 
Albert  Starr (Starr-Edwards heart valve) received the Clinical Lasker; and I received the 
Public Service Lasker.  On Friday, Sept. 28, the Washington Post did a very large piece 
on me called “The Honored Doctor” talking about the Lasker, the National Medal of 
Science, the Kober Medal and other honors.  I have received literally several hundred 
letters and e-mails and greeting in person related to the Lasker and the Post article.  With 
me in NYC were Chris, Ali and Jenny.  Megan had to stay on Chicago with “City Year”.
Oct. 4 – 5, 2007 – Went to Aspen for the World Biomedical Forum.  Gave 4 to 5 talks on 
AIDS, Pandemic Flu, Emerging infections, etc.  Again, usual cast of notables there. Very 
nice time.  Weather in Aspen and DC has been spectacular for past couple of weeks.  
Sunny, Warm and no rain.
Oct. 11, 2007 – Featured speaker at a Global Health Symposium at the Italian Embassy 
on Whitehaven Street in DC.  Spoke on “HIV/AIDS in 2007:  Much Accomplished, 
Much To Do”.  Much congratulatory activity by the Italians related to the Lasker and the 
Post article.
Oct. 12, 2007 – Dinner at the Café Milano in association with the national Italian 
American Foundation (NIAF) dinner the following night (Oct. 13).  Franco Luschese 
found me a prime seat.  The whole restaurant was for the NIAF dinner.  I sat next to Jerry 
Vale.  So many people who I knew from other such meetings were there:  Yogi Berra, 
Tony LoBianco, Dion (and the Belmonts), Nancy Pelosi, etc. etc.  Great meal; nice time.
Oct. 13, 2007 – Took Ali to the Annual NIAF Gala at the Hilton.  She loved it since she 
wanted to meet Nancy Pelosi and Ellen Pompeio (star of TV’s Grey’s Anatomy).   She 
got to meet and take picture of both.  Usual glitterati were there:  Antonin Scalia and Sam 
Alito; Nancy Pelosi; Yogi Berra; Dion; Jerry Vale;  George Tenet (I wanted to connect 
with him, but we did not cross each other); Connie Stevens; Pater Pace; etc. etc.
Oct. 16-17, 2007 – Went to Seattle to participate (Panel) in the Bill and Melinda Gates 
Malaria Forum at the Sheraton Hotel at Union and 6th Streets in Downtown Seattle.  Mild 
and on and off rain.  Good meeting.  Just starting to see the galvanizing of interest and 
enthusiasm and finally even considering the possibility of eliminating and eradicating 
malaria.  Melinda  and Bill gave an inspiring speech at 9:00 AM on Oct. 17.  All the 
malaria people were very pleased that I was there to show the “flag”.  I have become 
increasingly interested and supportive of malaria including my long-term support of 
Stephen Hoffman (Sanaria) and his irradiated sporozoite vaccine.
   Had a unique evening at dinner at the home of Bill and Melinda Gates on Oct. 16, 
2007. It was obviously a spectacular home, but I did not get the tour since while Melinda 
was giving the other guests a tour, Bill wanted a private conversation with me.  He was 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 162 ---
160
fascinated by how I have been running NIAID; said that he had heard so much about me 
and happy finally to meet me in person.  He wanted to know how I navigated the politics 
of DC, how I prioritized, how much flexibility I had in the budget, etc. etc.  It was a very 
nice conversation aimed at his wanted to get to know me and my responsibilities better.  
Present at the dinner were: me, Bill and Melinda Gates, Tachi Yamada, Regina 
Rabinowitz, Margaret Chan (WHO), Michel Kazatchkine (Global Fund), Brian Chituwo 
(MOH of Zambia), Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus (MOH of Ethiopia), Michael Leavitt 
(Sec. HHS), David Mwakyusa (MOH of Tanzania), Ann Veneman (UNICEF),  also 
MOH of Mozambique Paolo Ivo Garrido and former MOH of Nigeria (Forgot her name).
Oct. 18, 2007 – Lectured in Building 31, Room C10 to the Mortimer Zuckerman Fellows 
.  This is a group funded through Harvard that takes medical, Law, and Business students 
from throughout the country and funds them for 1 – 2 year fellowship to study at either 
the Kennedy School of Government, the Harvard School of Public Health or the Harvard 
Business School to learn other disciplines, i.e. medical students will go to the School of 
Government, and Law students will go to School of Public Health.  They wanted to hear 
about me and how I got to where I am and my view of public service.  I lectured for 45 
minutes and took over 1 hour of questions.  They were extremely enthusiastic about me 
and what I said.
Oct. 19, 2007 – Went to Boston to give Sheldon M. Wolff memorial lecture on 
“HIV/AIDS in 2007:  Much Accomplished, Much To Do”.  Largest crowd in the history 
of Tufts Grand Rounds (so I am told).  Saw Lila Wolff.  Got to Boston early (cloudy day, 
but warm for October) and had breakfast with Jenny at Peet’s Coffee House in Harvard 
Square.  Had first talk with Jenny about her personal “situation”.  Went very well.
  That evening went to home of  Ron and  Beth Dozoretz for a reception for the Fellows.  
The fellows were so happy that I was there.  The Dozoretz’s live at 3005 – 45th Street, 
N.W. (2 blocks from my house).  At the party were many DC elites such as David Gergen 
(co-sponsor of event), Sandy Berger, Ron Carey (Newsweek), etc.
Oct. 26, 2007 – Gave talk at the opening of Sanaria’s new facility.  Sanaria is Biotech 
company making an irradiated sporozoite malaria vaccine.  Stephen Hoffman is the CEO 
and I have been very supportive of him over the past 20 years.  He recognizes this every 
time he speaks in public.  Also at the Grand Opening were Congressman Chris Van 
Hollen, Sen. Cardin (D- MD), Montgomery County Executive Ike Legget and others.
Oct. 27, 2007 – Great day.  Went to ISL/IAC cross country championship meet held at 
Episcopal High in VA.  NCS and St. Albans won everything – JV and Varsity and under 
15.  In the NCS JV race the first 11 runners over the finish line were from NCS.  Ali 
came out 6th in the race!
Oct. 29, 2007 – Went to dinner at Positano restaurant in Bethesda with Bob Gallo (part of 
our years long tradition of dinner in Bethesda to “catch up” on what is going on.  
Discussed the interesting topic of matching Bob, Luc Montagnier and me for nomination 
for the Nobel prize for AIDS now that I have won the Lasker Award.  It could be helpful 
to Bob if I am on the “ticket” since there is no controversy connected with me and this 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 163 ---
161
could make it a more desirable slate since the 2 of them alone always evokes memories of 
controversy.
Oct. 29 – Nov. 1, 2007 -  Full week of meetings with Ministers of Health from G-8 and 
their senior staff on topic of Global Health with an emphasis on Biodefense.  Ministers 
that were present include: The Honorable Mike Leavitt, U.S. Secretary of Health and 
Human Services The Honorable Michael Chertoff, U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security 
The Right Honorable Tony Clement, MP, Minister of Health, Canada The Honorable 
Markos Kyprianou, Esq. Commissioner for Health, European Commission The 
Honorable Ulla Schmidt, Federal Minister of Health, Federal Republic of Germany The 
Honorable José Angel Córdova-Villalobos, M.D., Secretary of Health, Mexico The Right 
Honorable Dawn Primarolo, MP, Minister of State for Public Health, United Kingdom 
Dr. Donato Greco, Head, Department of Prevention and Communication, Ministry of 
Health, Italy The Honorable Kenta Matsunami, Parliamentary Secretary for Health Labor 
and Welfare, Japan Dr. Anarfi Asamoah-Baah, Deputy Director-General, World Health 
Organization.  I gave talk at VRC to the senior staff.  Had elegant receptions and dinners 
at the Corcoran Gallery (Oct. 31) and Library of Congress (Nov. 1).
Nov. 2, 2007 – Went to Boston to give Keynote at meeting of Harvard Business School 
Alumni Association – held at Harvard Medical School.  Spoke on Emerging Infections.  
Had dinner with Jenny at Taranta’s restaurant in the North End on Friday night, Nov. 2. 
Had nice discussions about career options as she is now approaching graduation from 
Harvard.  She wants to take at least a year working at something that she loves (not sure 
yet what that is – could be a year in Cuba or a domestic political campaign) and then go 
on to graduate school.
Nov. 7. 2007 – Ellen Sigal invited me and I attended the “Friends of Cancer” Awards 
night at the Hotel George on Capital Hill (E Street).  “Leadership” Awardees were Ted 
Kennedy, Sen,. Mike Enzi, and Bob Young (former NCA/Fox Chase).  Ted Kennedy 
explicitly said that he would like me there and wanted to greet me.  He mentioned me 
warmly in his acceptance speech.  Afterwards had dinner with a select few from the 
reception – Ellen Sigal, Marlene Malek, Sherry Lansing, John Porter, Amy McGuire 
Porter, Elias Zerhouni, Melody Miller (former staffer for Ted Kennedy).  Lively 
discussions (particular with Sherry Lansing who is a terrific person – she had been at my 
Lasker Award ceremony).
Nov. 7 – 8 , 2007 – Very discouraging news from the Merck HIV vaccine trial (502/503 
– STEP and Phambili Trials) using adenovirus 5 (Ad5) vector and gag, pol, nef inserts.  
Took place in North and South America, Caribbean, Australia (STEP) and just beginning 
in Southern Africa (PHAMBILI).  First DSMB look stopped the trial on futility for 2 
major endpoints (Acquisition and Viral Set Point).  Real problem is that it looks like 
people with the higher underlying Ad5 titers had greater risk of acquisition in the 
vaccinated versus the placebo group.  Unclear why this is so but may be that giving Ad5 
to people with underlying Ad5 immunity triggers robust activation providing vulnerable 
targets for infection upon exposure to the virus.  This has important implications for 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 164 ---
162
future trials with Ad vectors such as upcoming PAVE 100 trial – ethical issues.  Stay 
tuned.
    On evening of Nov. 8 gave Keynote After Dinner talk to the Association of 
Independent Schools of Great Washington (AISGW). Kathy and Dan Jamieson were 
there as were heads of schools and senior officials for the DC/VA/MD independent 
schools.  Talk went very well – “Our Responsibilities as World Citizens:  Looking 
Through the Lens of Global Health”.  I spoke at The Potomac School in Virgina.  Hugh 
crowd.
Nov. 14, 2007 – Attended 60th Anniversary Gala for Meet the Press (invited by Tim 
Russert.  Held at 555 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W. in the new Newseum Building.  
Another affair of all the glitterati of the Washington, D.C. press and politicians – John 
McLaughlin, David Gregory, Norah O’Donnell, Fred Fielding, Ben Bradlee, Mike 
Gerson, Sen. Kennedy, Kerry, Former Sen. McGovern,  Tom Ricks (Washington Post), 
Al Hunt, Dana Perino, Dana Priest, etc. etc.  Elegant affair, good food, plenty of cheer.
Nov. 30, 2007 – Chris an I attended a Holiday Dinner Party at the White House hosted by 
the President and First Lady.  I had been at several Holiday receptions at the White 
House around Christmas Time, but this was the first time that I attended a Holiday 
Dinner.  There were about 75 – 100 people in attendance.  Wonderful affair!  The 
POTUS and First Lady circulated freely with guests as we had cocktails in the foyer 
adjourning the East Room.  Spent several minutes talking with the POTUS and First 
Lady separately.  He and she had just finished an AIDS event in Mount Airy to 
commemorate World AIDS Day (Dec. 1 – tomorrow).  The POTUS had a large 50 foot 
red AIDS Ribbon hung from the front portico of the White House and he was excited 
about pointing it out to me.  The POTUS in his usual generous way with me kept 
introducing me to people at the reception as one of the world’s greatest scientist who will 
get us an AIDS vaccine.  Again, as usual, he was very warm and friendly with me.  
Dinner was elegant – pumpkin soup, lamb, fine wines and champagne.  The evening was 
crystal clear and cold (around 40 F). After dinner we had Christmas carols by the Army 
Choir and a trumpet and piano medley of Holiday Songs by 2 young black men from 
New Orleans (?names).
Nov. 30 – Dec. 9, 2007 -  Pre-Iowa caucus heating up with Obama closing the gap with 
Hillary Clinton who is front-runner. Romney and Giuliani neck in neck on the 
Republican side.  Despite the fact that election is 1 year away, election politics is 
dominating the news.  The “surge” in troops in Iraq appears to be working in cutting 
down the violence, but this is still a tenuous situation.  Latest NIE states that Iran 
(contrary to what was previously thought) has halted their nuclear weapons programs. 
Life  in DC as active and political as ever.
Dec. 9, 2007 – Invited by Catherine and Wayne Reynolds to attend a small private dinner 
with Chris at Café Milano’s restaurant for Holiday Cheer.  Amazing night.  About 15 
people in the private Placido Domingo Room of Café Milano.  Attending among others 
was VP and Mrs. Cheney, Bill Marriott, Sen. Thad Cochrane and his girlfriend, Elias and 
Nadia Zerhouni, Chris Wallace (Fox News), Alma Wildenhorn, John and Debbie Dingell, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 165 ---
163
Mike and Meryl Chertoff, among others.  Spent nice time speaking with the VP about 
Stephen Hayes’s book “Cheney” that I just finished 2 days ago.  We had fun since we 
discussed the parts of his earlier years from the book such as his sports in high school.  
Also discussed with Lynne Cheney the part about her giving him an ultimatum of shaping 
up in school or she would leave him as his girlfriend.  He had flunked out of Yale twice.
Dec. 11, 2007 – Another exciting Washington social night.  First visited home of Ellen 
and Gerry Sigal at 2909 – 44th Street, N.W. just 2 blocks from our house.  Occasion was 
book signing party for Valeria Plame Wilson to celebrate publishing of her new book 
“Fair Game” about her outting as a covert CIA agent.  Chris and I have gotten to know 
her and her husband Joe Wilson over the past year, mostly through the Sigal’s.  
Interesting irony (see previous notes) that I am friends with Joe and Valerie at the same 
time as I am friends with Scooter Libby.  Had to leave party early to go to Italian 
Ambassador Giovanni Castellenata’s residence.  On way out as I apologized to Joe for 
leaving early, he joked “As long as you are not going to a party at the VP’s house”.  In 
fact, that is exactly what I am doing on Thursday (see below).
   Function at Italian Ambassador’s house was fun.  Party to honor the visit of Italian 
President Enrico Napolitano.  Usual DC glitterati were there – Mike and Meryl Chertoff, 
Colin Powell, Lee Hamilton, Frank Balducci (author),  D.C. Mayor Adrian Fenty and 
wife Michelle, former head of Italian CIA Carrado Cantatore (had nice conversation with 
him about Italian covert ops in Iraq  - i.e. Italian Special Forces are still operating there 
even as Italian troops pull out), Sen. Pat Leahy, etc.  I sat next to my good friend Cecilia 
Piccione (Chief-of-Staff to the Ambassador).
Dec. 13, 2007 -  Two issues today:  Went down to White House with Mark Dybul to visit 
Dan Price (new SHERPA for the upcoming G-8 meeting in July, 2008). Dan, at the 
suggestion of Gary Edson, was looking for some bold initiatives for finish off the legacy 
of the POTUS over the next 11-12 months.  Gary mentioned to Dan how I had developed 
the PEPFAR program.  We discussed various options.  I brought up several such as 
elimination of TB and malaria, and aggressively addressing neglected tropical diseases 
(NTDs).  Mark had the great idea of using the PEPFAR infrastructure that has been built 
up over the past 4 years to deliver the meds for NTDs.  The bulk of the costs for attacking 
NTDs is the delivery systems since the drugs are free (ivermectim) or very cheap.  In 
addition, Mark suggested major tax breaks for private sector corporations that donate 
their expertise such as computer programming, etc.  Mark and I were charged with 
putting together a proposal.  This matches nicely with what HHS, NSC, and HSC are 
asking me to do with putting a bold program together for TB together with CDC, FDA, 
USAID, and DHS.  After talking to Dan, we walked over to Josh Bolten’s office and 
described briefly the plan to him.  He likes it a lot and urged us to go forward.  Seems 
strikingly similar situation to what we did with PEPFAR 5 years ago.
   This evening I went to the Christmas Party at the Vice President’s mansion.  Chris is in 
Boston having given a lecture and ran into a big snow storm.  She is stranded in Boston 
and will have to take a train home that will get her in during the middle of the night.  I 
took Ali to the VP party and she had an exciting time meeting the VP and such notables 
as David Addington (Chief-of-Staff to the VP),   Joel Bagnol (HSC), Bruce Miller (VP’s 
Staff, Carol Kuntz,  etc.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 166 ---
164
Dec. 14 – 19, 2007 – Series of the usual (now becoming enjoyable since I remember 
names after seeing them so often) holiday parties, mostly centered around NCS/STA.  
Weather unusually mild.  Looking forward to Jenny and Megan coming home
Dec. 20, 2007 – Meeting (pre-PCC) at EEOB run by Mike Magan of NSC and Bob 
Kadlec of HSC to flesh out possibility of  putting together a major POTUS initiative on 
“Control or Elimination of Tuberculosis” to announce at the State of the Union Address 
in Jan. 2008.  After having various agencies present a totality of a program that would 
cost billions, it was decided that since there really will not be any new money, or if there 
was, it would be very little, we should focus on the well-circumscribed topic of TB 
Vaccine research.  I was tasked to do this and to write language for the State of the Union 
Address.  In my proposal, I presented the case that this would cost relatively little.  NIH 
spends $150 million in 2007 on TB research ($120 M is NIAID).  Of this $20 million is 
on TB Vaccine Research – this is  about 25% of world’s TB vaccine research spending 
with Gates spending about 45% (they spend most of their TB money on vaccine).  The 
Global Plan to Stop TB – 2006-2015 calls for $184 million in 2009 (the FY that we are 
talking about).  If we tripled our spending by adding $40 million to the $20 million, this 
would give $60 million.  Right before the meeting Rajeev Venkayya (who left HSC and 
will be joining Gates) called and e-mailed me saying that he has arranged a call between 
Secr. Leavitt and Tachi Yamada from Gates to agree that Bill Gates, Jr. will commit to a 
significant increase in Gates funding for TB if the USG puts up more money.  I have 
submitted a proposal for a $40 million increase for FY 2009 and I have included 
language for the Address.  Let us hope that this flies.  Then I will have had impact on 
PEPFAR, the President’s Malaria Initiative (PMI) and now the TB initiative.
Dec. 22, 2007 – Has breakfast at Panera in Chevy Chase with Terry Lierman who is now 
Chief-of –Staff to House leader Steny Hoyer (an old friend).  We discussed the usual 
politics and I mentioned that the only job that I would take in a new administration is 
Secretary of HHS.  Terry said that everyone knows in the democratic party that I am most 
qualified, but that I have “a Bush problem” in that I am too closely associated over the 
years with the Bush’s.  Such is Life; I am not at all upset about this since who knows 
what will happen and besides, I do not covet the job.
Dec. 23-27, 2007 – Discovered that Megan has an 8 mm left ovarian cyst – likely a 
dermoid that needs to come out for fear of torsion/twisting since it is so big.  She is seen 
by Mark Reiter’s group and Mark is arranging to have it removed on Dec. 31 
laparoscopically by a woman in his practice. He will assist.  He is giving her the VIP 
treatment, but I know too little about the laparoscopic skill of the people in his practice.  I 
do not want to upset the apple-cart, but ordinarily I would get David Jacobs involved; yet 
I do not want to interfere with the natural flow.  David would probably insist that 
someone else outside that practice do the procedure.  Mark wants to be in charge since he 
delivered Megan and feels a strong responsibility to her.   I am conflicted and will hope 
for the best.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 167 ---
165
Dec. 28, 2007 – Lucky for us that Dr. Sedghi (Megan’s primary GYN doctor asked for a 
repeat sonogram.  Turns out the “cyst” was a loop of bowel.  She has a normal pelvis on 
repeat sono.  Welcome to medical practice in the USA!  The radiologist actually called it 
a dermoid cyst based on “calcification”, which now turns out not to be present.
Dec. 28, 2007 – Jan. 4, 2008 – The White House is getting excited about the possibility 
of pushing my TB vaccine research intitative for the G-8 and for the SOTU Address.  
Met on Jan. 3 with Mike Magan and Patrick Marcham of NSC about pushing forward my 
TB intiative.  Also, Mike wants me to put together a similar initiative for a malaria 
vaccine.  I will present this to Dan Price (with Gary Edson present) on Monday at the 
White House.  Possibility exists for a two-fer, i.e. TB + Malaria vaccine initiatives.  A lot 
of activity (e-mails, phone calls, meetings) going on similar to the time right before we 
went ahead with PEPFAR in Jan. 2003.  There is the usual concern on the part of NIH, 
HHS, and OMB as to where the new money will come from.  I have been very open in 
keeping Elias Zerhouni and HHS informed of my White House meetings.
Jan. 5 – Jan. 18, 2008 – Democrat and Republican primaries getting very hot.  No clear 
leader with the GOP.  Fred Thompson dropped out; Rudy Giuliani counting on Florida as 
he has done poorly so far in Iowa, NH, Nevada, Michigan and SC.  Romney dropping 
and McLain bouncing back with wins in NH and SC.  Dems race ugly with Bill and 
Hillary attacking Obama.  This is causing racial tensions and blacks are getting pissed at 
Bill and Hillary.  Bill is acting inappropriately in attacking Barack in an angry fashion.  
He is also clearly lying about what Barack has said and done.
    My initiatives are still percolating at the WH.  Now they have asked me to put together 
a malaria vaccine and malaria drug discovery proposal.  Will discuss these on Jan. 28 at 
the WH.  Weather has been bitter cold in DC – very sunny, but freezing.
Jan. 19, 2008 – Dinner at Capitol Hilton Hotel to celebrate Sam Alito getting the Lido 
Award.  Dinner sponsored by NIAF.  John Salamone (Executive Director of NIAF) asked 
Chris and me to sit at Alito’s table along with Gen. Peter Pace and his wife Lynne.  Had 
nice evening speaking with Martha-Ann Alito (Sam’s wife).  She is starting an “Italian 
Dinner Club” and invited me to join.  I am considering it.
Jan 25, 2008 – Gave lecture Global health at USA Families Conference at the Mayflower 
Hotel.  The speaker before me was my friend former Senator Tom Daschle.  Tom gave a 
great talk on health care in the USA based on a book that he has just written.  Of note, he 
is the health advisor for Barack Obama.  This is good since Tom likes me a lot and this 
could be my entry into getting to know Obama a bit better since I know Hillary much 
better than I do Obama.
   This evening went with Chris to an elegant “private” dinner (black tie) at the Academy 
of Achievement Town House at 1222 16th Street, N.W. given by Catherine and Wayne 
Reynolds.  They have been very generous to me in inviting me to these great affairs.  In 
typical Catherine Reynolds style, the details of the evening were amazing.  Great food 
and elegant wines (Montrachet and Margaux) and champagne (Dom Perignon).  Guests 
were terrific.  Sens. Daschle, Cochrane, Byron Dornan; Bob Barnett,; Congressman 
Dingle; Mack McCarty; John Negroponte; Mike Chertoff Steve and Alice Rosenberg, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 168 ---
166
etc.   Highlight of the evening was the command private performance by Bernadette 
Peters, who was amazing – talented and beautiful at 60 years old (next month)!  I was 
struck by how short she is in real life.  Google lists her as 5’3”, but she was about 1.5 
inches shorter then I and she had spiked (3 inch) heels on – great looking woman and 
incredibly nice as we spoke with her after the performance.
Jan. 26, 2008 – Activity mostly centered around the Democrat and Republic primaries.  
McCain surging from way behind, Giuliani is out.  Obama closing in on Hillary.
Jan. 28, 2008 – Went to White House to nail down with Dan Price, Gary Edson, Patrick 
Marcham, Mark Dybul, Paul Brown, Bobby Pittman and others the various aspects of the 
initiatives that the POTUS might want to announce at G-8, or the Upcoming (Feb) Africa 
trip, or the DC Global Health Summit.  My TB vaccine initiative ($40 million) is in.  
Malaria vaccine and drug discovery is likely out.  Neglected Tropical Diseases is in.
   That night, in the SOTU Address, the POTUS asked for $30 billion for PEPFAR and 
praised the POTUS Malaria Initiative (PMI).
Feb. 1, 2008 – Did dry run of my upcoming presentation to VP Cheney on Bruce Miller.  
He really liked it.  Will soon set up for the VP.
Feb. 3, 2008 – NY Giants beat NE Patriots in an upset in the Super bowl played in 
Phoenix.  NY’s defensive line kept Tom Brady off balance all night and Eli Manning 
played incredibly well.
Feb. 4, 2008 – CROI meeting in Boston.  Went to show the flag, meet with African 
investigators from Uganda (Rakai) and see vaccine presentations.  Ron Desrosiers gave 
his talk about the imbalance between discovery and development in vaccine agenda and 
said there is no evidence that any existing vaccine candidate will work.  I do not 
necessarily disagree; however, he was terribly gratuitous in saying that “The NIH has lost 
its way on vaccine research”.   It is easy to criticize and place blame…much easier than 
having creative ideas to solve the problem.  He is not a bad guy, but he was an asshole 
today.
Feb. 6, 2008 – Had lunch at café Milano with Franco Nuschese (Owner of Café Milano) 
to discuss an issue with the United Arab Emirates (UAE).  He would like to bring the 
health minister to the USA and have me show him around the NIH.  Also, he wants me to 
go to UAE and help them with advice about research programs, i.e. establish an NIH-like 
system in UAE.  Franco knows the Middle east well since he has many contacts there and 
want to help the country develop their biomedical research enterprise.  He will arrange 
appropriate meetings.
Feb 8-9, 2008 – Flew to San Francisco and took “red-eye” back to give the Merle Sande 
memorial Lecture at the Gladstone Institute at SF General Hospital (Mission Bay 
Campus).  Warner Greene (Director, Gladstone) and Tom Quinn arranged the visit.  I 
gave a lecture of “HIV/AIDS in 2008” and paid tribute to merle.  Told some stories about 
our friendship and experiences on the NY Hospital House Staff together where he was 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 169 ---
167
my resident when I was an intern.  Very moving evening with many of merle’s old 
friends from NY Hospital, SF, Utah and Uganda.  Merle died a premature death from 
multiple myeloma after braving through a bone marrow transplant that could not save 
him.  He was 67. 
Feb. 14, 2008 – Had meeting with Carl Dieffenbach, Peggy Johnston, Larry Corey, Scott 
Hammer (Chair, PAVE 100 clinical trial), JJ. McGowan, Hugh Auchincloss, Cliff Lane, 
Carole Hudgings, Patty Conrad, Ralph Tate, Gary Nabel to discuss the great dilemma 
about proceeding or not with PAVE 100 in light of the failure of the recent Merck STEP 
trial of a somewhat similar T cell based vaccine for HIV (see reports of STEP study 
failure).  STEP trial was performed within the HVTN (by Larry Corey’s operation).  It 
used an adenovirus (Ad) 5 vector prime and 2 boosts with gag, pol, nef.  DSMB stopped 
study because of  “futility” in that the vaccine did not protect against acquisition of 
infection (not expected to since it is a T cell vaccine) and also did not alter set point of 
virus.  Importantly, for reasons that no one can figure out, vaccinees (not placebos) who 
had high pre-existing titer of antibody against Ad5, did worse than unvaccinated in 
acquisition of infection.  The PAVE 100 trial (VRC-Gary Nabel) is also using a T cell 
vaccine approach with 3 DNA-gag, pol, nef, env prime/boost followed by an Ad5-gal pol 
env 4th shot.  Question is whether we should go ahead with the PAVE 100.  Basic 
researchers in AIDS (Ron Desrosiers, Doug Richman, Dennis Burton, etc.) want to stop 
all vaccine clinical trials until we figure out the “basic science”.  We should actually 
probably tilt the balance more towards discovery rather than development of vaccine 
candidates since we still have no idea what a protective immune response is or even how 
or if we can elicit it.  However, the “basic” people have their own whining agenda since 
they feel that any money towards a trial is money away from their grants.  Also, they are 
very jealous of Bart Haynes who got a lot of money  for CHAVI (which is actually more 
basic than applied).  I am holding a “Summit” on March 25, 2008 to examine this balance 
between basic and applied in HIV vaccine research.
Feb. 16, 2008 – Another trip to the White House (EEOB) to visit with Bob Kadlec 
concerning the Global Health Initiatives that we are working on.  Everyone is actively 
engaged in “sprinting to the finish line” of the administration with various transforming 
initiatives (see above).  Bob (who is with HSC) is emphasizing more the Global Security 
issue, which includes things that I am involved in such as pandemic flu, biodefense, etc.  
We are working on initiatives to present to the POTUS.
Feb. 19, 2008 – Briefed VP Cheney in his West Wing office at 10:00 AM (crisp, sunny 
day). This was one of several briefings that he has requested of me over the past 7 years.  
I updated him on pandemic flu threat, seasonal flu, AIDS, emerging IDs, malaria, TB, 
biodefense.  Bruce Miller (VP’s chief of Homeland Security) told me before the lecture 
that yesterday when he was flying back from the long weekend with the VP on Marine 2, 
the VP spontaneously said “Isn’t Tony Fauci going to be briefing me tomorrow.  I am 
really looking forward to his briefing; I always learn a lot from them”.  Bruce said that 
this was the first time that the VP has made such a comment about an upcoming briefing 
the day before the briefing in the 7 years that Bruce has been with the VP.  The briefing 
went very well and the VP was very engaged, particularly about flu and about the dire 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 170 ---
168
situation in Washington, D.C. re: HIV/AIDS.  He was shocked at the numbers – DC is 
9X the national average for prevalence; 5% of the entire DC population is infected.
Feb. 20-21, 2008 – Went to University of Chicago to deliver interdisciplinary lecture on 
HIV/AIDS.  Had dinner with Megan at Volare restaurant.  Went over very well and then 
flew early on AM of 21 Feb to DC to go directly to the White House for meeting with 
Dan Price, Gary Edson, Mark Dybul, Patrick Marcham, Paul Brown, Tim Ziemer to 
discuss malaria, TB, health care workers and other initiative.  I am pushing for the 
tripling of resources ($20 M to $60 M) for TB vaccine research.
    We had a big week with the POTUS visit to Africa and receiving great praise and 
affection for the PEPFAR and PMI programs.  POTUS announced a $350 M, 5 year 
program on Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs) to include attempt to eradicate in 300 
million people in certain African , Asian and Latin American countries – Lymphatic 
filariasis, Onchocerciasis, Schistosomiasis, trachoma and ground worms (whipworm, 
hookworm, and roundworm).  This is the same program that Gary Edson and I proposed 
3 years ago and so our prior work has belatedly come to fruition.  Great news!
Feb. 26, 2008 – My picture and a story concerning me (in part) appeared in the Science 
Section of the New York Times today.  It was related to the interview that I gave in 
Toronto last summer to 2 small children with the theme of explaining HIV/AIDS to little 
children.  The filmakers were the children’s parents.
Mar. 3, 2008 – Participated in a State Department function for Jenna Bush on the 
occasion of celebrating her new book  “Ana’s Story:  A Journey of Hope”.  Took place in 
the main auditorium of the State department.  I was the main speaker and spoke on “The 
Global Effects of HIV/AIDS and the origins of PEPFAR”.  Other speakers were Kristen 
Silverberg, Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs, and Karl 
Zinmeister, Director of the White House Domestic Policy Council.  Got a chance to chat 
a fair amount with Jenna Bush as we waited together for the affair to begin.  She is a very 
nice person who said that she was “in awe” of me because of all of the amazing things 
that I have accomplished over the years.  She worked for UNICEF for a year in Jamaica 
and also spent time in Panama doing AIDS work.  Very nice person; has a smile exactly 
like her father.  I gave a history of the origins of PEPFAR and a short summary of 
HIV/AIDS.  I showed the MMWRs from June 4 and July 5, 1981.  When Jenna got up to 
speak, she remarked to the audience how impressed she was with me and my work over 
so many years and when I showed the 1981 slide, she was floored by the fact that I was 
involved in AIDS then and that was the year that she was born.
Mar. 5, 2008 – Meeting in White House (EEOB 445) led by Bob Kadlec of HSC..  Was 
“Top Secret” meeting on anthrax threat with emphasis on drug resistant and even vaccine 
resistant anthrax.  Based on supposed intelligence that Al Qaeda has been “talking about” 
anthrax and based on supposed documents captured from Al Qaeda.  We were briefed by 
2 CIA young women who provided the same vague, soft and even embarrassingly bad 
intelligence that I have been briefed on several times before by CIA.  One gets a very bad 
impression of the quality of our intelligence based on meetings such as this.  Also present 
were Julie Gerberding, Art Friedlander, Ben Petro, Gerry Parker and a whole bunch of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 171 ---
169
CIA, Counter-terrorist people, Defense intelligence people, etc.  Subject was how do we 
protect against drug resistant anthrax and vaccine resistant anthrax.
Mar. 8, 2008 -  Busy and nice social evening.  Dropped in briefly to the NCS Annual 
Spring Festival “Casino Night” at the Athletic Center.  Said hello to the usual suspects 
and then went to the Newseum at 555 Pennsylvania Avenue to celebrate the 65th Birthday 
of Gerry Sigal.  Beautiful setting with bay window view of the Capitol Dome.  Great 
food, drink and dancing.  Joe Wilson and Valerie Plame at our table.  Elias and Nadia 
Zerhouni were dancing away with us on the dance floor.  DC was beautiful with crisp 
cold weather (upper 20s) and clear sky.
Mar. 10, 2008 – Another in a long string of Global Health initiative meetings at the 
White House (EEOB 374) led by Dan Price (see above) with Gary Edson, Mark Dybul, 
Patrick Marcham, Mike Magan, Paul Brown, Dana  DeRuiter.  Mainly discussed Dan 
plans for the upcoming G-8 meeting in Japan (he is USG Sherpa).  Issues are NTDs, 
heath workforce, HIV, Malaria, and TB.  I was there representing the malaria and TB 
initiatives (see above).  Apparently Josh Bolten is enthusiastic about both, but HHS is not 
supporting it since their priority in a bad budget year is pandemic flu and biodefense.  
Nonetheless, I am still going to these meetings and pushing the TB and Malaria agenda .  
I can do this since Dan Price (with Josh Bolten’s approval) is including me in the process 
even though the HHS is against it.
Mar. 19, 2008 – A most amazing and unique evening.  Michael Gerson (former Bush 
speech-writer and advisor) and current Washington Post columnist (see other discussions 
above) invited Chris and me to his house for a private dinner with President and Laura 
Bush.  Other guests were Fred and Barbara Barnes (Fred is Executive Editor of The 
Weekly Standard , Bill and Hara Haley (Bill is pastor of a DC Church and is interested in 
AIDS in Africa), and Mike and his wife Dawn.  Dinner was at Mike’s home at 2412 
Crest Street, Alexandria.  It was somewhat surreal, but incredibly enjoyable.  The 
occasion was just that Mike is good friends with the POTUS and when he had breakfast 
with the POTUS a few weeks ago he asked the POTUS if he would like to have dinner 
over his house some time with a few friends.  The POTUS gladly accepted and said that 
he almost never goes out to private dinners at people’s homes because no one ever asks 
him, likely because they would reasonably assume that he would not accept.  Evening 
started at 7:00 PM.  We had to get their earlier (^:45 PM) since the secret service closed 
the roads (395) to make way for the motorcade.  We had about 45 minutes of cocktail 
hour (POTUS had non-alcoholic beer).  Very friendly chatting about a variety of subjects.  
My long-time impressions of the POTUS held true that he is a very warm, funny and 
considerate, self-effacing person. Laura was great also.  Laura and the POTUS 
specifically thanked me for saying such nice things about him and Laura at Jenna Bush’s 
event at the State Department (see Mar. 3 above).  POTUS said that Jenna saw him and 
Laura that night and told them how kind I was to them in explaining the POTUS role in 
PEPFAR.  He sounded very sincere in thanking me for “making my daughter proud of 
me”.
   Dinner was terrific with nice wines, tomato soup, steak/potatoes, salad with bacon, and 
fruit dessert.  At dinner we discussed frankly a wide variety of topics including: War in 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 172 ---
170
Iraq; his recent trip to Africa; his dealing with various Heads of State; the upcoming 
Summer Olympics in Beijing and why he really must attend despite the current 
misbehavior of China in brutally suppressing the Tibetan call for freedom. He told a great 
story of when former Prince and now King of Saudi Arabia visited him at his ranch in 
Crawford and negotiations about the Israel/Palestine problem came up.  They reached an 
impasse since the POTUS thought that the Prince was being frankly anti-Semitic and the 
discussions stalled.  The POTUS would not yield on one point and the Prince announced 
that he was leaving.  POTUS sent in Colin Powell to convince him not to but Colin cane 
back and told POTUS “Boss, I am getting nowhere with him; you have to step in”.  The 
POTUS visited the Prince, perceived the “chilly” atmosphere in the room and said before 
we discuss anything, let me tell you what my religion has done for me.  The prince 
agreed and then the POTUS asked the Prince to talk about what the Prince’s religion 
means to him.  This warmed up the chill and POTUS took him out on his pickup truck to 
tour the ranch alone.  As they were talking about the problem, a turkey hen jumped up in 
front of the truck and just stayed in the road.  The POTUS said that he had never seen a 
turkey on the road before.  POTUS explained what a turkey was and how Ben Franklin 
almost got the turkey to be the National bird, but the bald eagle won out.  The Prince said 
that in his country god often speaks to people through birds and this is clearly a sign from 
god.  After that, the negotiations flourished and POTUS and the king have been the best 
of friends.
   The conversation also included discussions about us and our families.  The POTUS and 
Laura were very interested in Jenny’s thesis on women in the criminal justice system. I 
explained what she was doing and how she decided on this topic.  He seemed very 
connected and empathetic to the problems of young girls getting caught up in the system.  
He also expressed concern that black leaders are not speaking up more about black men 
abandoning their children after they have them leading to the incredible statistics of out-
of-wedlock pregnancies among blacks.
   POTUS also thinks that the Dems will go into the convention with Obama ahead and 
that it will be a behind closed doors brokered convention.  He said, “if it is a behind 
closed doors convention, there is no chance that Obama will out-maneuver the Clinton 
machine.  She will be the nominee, split the party and McCain will win.
 After dinner we all went over an Photo album of the POTUS and First Lady’s recent 
visit to Africa.  The President left at about 9:25 PM in a 6 to 8 car motorcade.
  All in all it was an incredibly memorable evening.  
     
   Earlier in the day I briefed Ms. Sandra Roelofs, the First Lady of Georgia.  She is 
Dutch and a nursing student.  She was interested is speaking to me because she had heard 
about my AIDS work.  We spoke of TB, AIDS and other IDs.  She had earlier in the day 
had lunch with Laura and Jenna Bush.  Actually, Laura mentioned this to me at Gerson’s 
house.
Mar. 25, 2008 – I organized and ran what might be an historic meeting today on the 
future of HIV Vaccine Research.  Ever since the disappointing results from the STEP 
trial (Merck ad5 prime-boost – see above), there has been increasing pressure within 
ourselves and in the scientific and certain activist communities to re-evaluate whether we 
should turn the knob of support more towards basic discovery as opposed to clinical trials 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 173 ---
171
of vaccine candidates for an HIV vaccine.  On Nov. 16, 2007 I received a letter from a 
group of basic scientist/animal model HIV researchers asking to meet with me following 
the failed STEP trial in which vaccinated people with pre-existing Ad5 titers actually 
seemed to have an increased risk of HIV acquisition compared to placebo.  They felt that 
we were wasting money on vaccine trials which they claimed had no basis to predict 
success based on animal model data.  They were particularly concerned about going 
ahead with Gary Nobel’s VRC trial –PAVE 100 that tested  3 DNA primes followed by 
an Ad5 boost.  However, others point out that the animal model has not been validated in 
the human and so unfortunately, we are really flying blind.  In any event, in a manner 
similar to how I handled the AIDS activists >20 years ago in that same room (31/7A-24), 
I listened and suggested that we have HIV Vaccine Summit to discuss the direction of 
AIDS research.  Hence the meeting today.
    Just a few days ago, a group called AIDS healthcare Foundation stated that we should 
stop ALL HIV vaccine research and put the money towards proven prevention activities.  
   We had the Summit today and it was enormously successful.  I played an active 
leadership role in the process as opposed to just listening.  The meeting was chaired by 
Warner Greene and Adel Mahmoud and there were 3 panels: 1) basic discovery chaired 
by Jim Hoxie and Dennis Burton; 2) animal models chaired by David Watkins and 
Malcolm Martin; and 3) Clinical Research chaired by Scott Hammer and Julie 
Overbaugh.  
   Great press coverage.  I concluded at end of meeting that we would indeed turn the 
knob more towards basic discovery research and promised an immediate $10 Million for 
a broad RFA to come from moneys saved from truncating some of the clinical trial 
activity such as a tighter PAVE 100.  Recall that our budget has been flat for the past 5 
years and so there is no extra money coming in.
   Below is an article from the NY Times by Larry Altman from Mar. 26 that summarized 
the Mar. 25 meeting:
Rethinking Is Urged on a Vaccine for AIDS 
By 
LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN
WASHINGTON — Researchers must go back to the drawing board before they can 
develop an effective vaccine against H.I.V., AIDS experts said at a scientific meeting on 
Tuesday.
And Dr. Anthony S. Fauci, the top federal official responsible for AIDS research, agreed 
that more fundamental knowledge is needed about H.I.V. and the way the body and 
experimental vaccines respond to it before the goal of a licensed H.I.V. vaccine can be 
reached. Dr. Fauci, the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases, pledged to re-evaluate the use of all $1.5 billion his agency spends on AIDS 
research to come up with the necessary money.
“Everything is on the table,” Dr. Fauci said at the one-day meeting, a Town Hall-type 
discussion for vaccine researchers on how best to spend federal H.I.V. vaccine money in 
light of a budget that has been flat for several years.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 174 ---
172
“There is not an immediate solution to the problem,” Dr. Fauci said in an interview. But, 
he also said, the budgetary constraints mean that “we are going to have to justify what we 
are doing” and determine what steps to take after further discussions in smaller meetings 
with researchers.
The reassessment comes after last September’s widely publicized failure of what had 
been the most promising candidate for an H.I.V. vaccine. Many health officials believe 
that an effective vaccine would be the most crucial weapon in stopping the H.I.V. 
pandemic.
Scientists do not have a full understanding of why the vaccine failed, or why it was 
possibly harmful, in two large trials in the United States and South Africa. Dr. Fauci’s 
institute helped pay for the trials of the vaccine, which was made by Merck. Such failures 
have led a number of scientists to challenge the direction of federal H.I.V. research.
On Tuesday, the AIDS Health Care Foundation called for the suspension of money for 
H.I.V. vaccine research and reallocating resources into effective H.I.V./AIDS prevention, 
testing and treatment strategies.
But Dr. Fauci strongly rejected the proposal. “Under no circumstances will we stop AIDS 
vaccine research,” Dr. Fauci said at the conclusion of the meeting.
Dr. James Hoxie of the University of Pennsylvania echoed the belief of many other 
participants by saying, “we are not close to having a vaccine” and “there is a tremendous 
need for innovation” in developing one.
Experts at the meeting also said that Dr. Fauci’s agency needed to support efforts to 
further develop animal models of human H.I.V. The experts also urged greater 
cooperation between AIDS scientists who work on such animal models and those who 
are trying to develop an H.I.V. vaccine for humans.
A crucial issue is supporting younger researchers to replace the cadre of veteran AIDS 
scientists, many of whom are working beyond traditional retirement age. Dr. Fauci said a 
first step would be to pare existing projects to immediately provide $10 million to $15 
million for about 30 grants to be awarded to scientists who propose novel ideas. Some of 
the grants would be used to support young researchers, he said.
Some scientists support conducting large vaccine trials in humans before all the fine 
points of the vaccine research are complete in animals because of the urgency of the 
pandemic.
Others urge caution out of fear that failures could destroy confidence among uninfected 
people most at risk who would be needed as volunteers in future trials.
Equally vocal groups call for testing everything as soon as the research shows promise 
because of the urgent need for a vaccine.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 175 ---
173
Dr. Warner C. Greene, a co-chairman of the meeting and director of the Gladstone 
Institute of Virology and Immunology in San Francisco, said he hoped that a century 
from now, historians looking back on the AIDS pandemic would view Tuesday’s meeting 
as a turning point. 
Mar. 26, 2008 – Rave reviews coming in regarding “my leadership” during the Summit.  
Went down to White House (NEOB 5235) to brief OSTP WH Science Advisor Jack 
Marburger and his staff together with staff from FLOTUS on the HIV vaccine situation, 
particularly given all of the publicity.  I had appeared on NBC News, VOA, Bloomberg 
TV as well as articles in Washington Post, NY Times (see above) and WSJ.  Now we 
need to follow-up with RFA’s etc.
April 1 and 2, 2008 – Visited Princeton University  to Deliver the Inaugural Adel 
Mahmoud Lectureship and to participate in a Panel discussion with Bill Frist, Andrew 
McGuire, and Beatrice Hahn at a Symposium on “No Country Left Behind:  
Transforming Global Health given by the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and 
International Affairs.  Bill Frist spent some time telling the audience that if it were not for 
me PEPFAR would not have happened.  Had dinner at a Princeton mansion, went to Adel 
Mahmoud’s and Sally Hodder’s home (where I stayed overnight – beautiful modern 
Salvatore Dali-like home) for after dinner cocktails with some of the Princeton Faculty.  
Was very impressed with the commitment to teaching students that I saw among the 
faculty as well as the competency and popularity of Shirley Tilghman (President).  Next 
day taught a class in the Dept. of Molecular Biology run by Leon Rosenberg and Adel 
Mahmoud. Spoke about the evolution of my career.  Students were great.
   On evening of April 2, had long interview with Meredith Wadman of Nature who is 
doing a story on PEPFAR and wanted a bit of the history.
April 3 – June 10, 2008 – Very busy and eventful times.  Had virtually no time to enter 
events into diary.  We try to summarize.  The Democratic primary loomed hot and heavy 
with Hillary refusing to concede despite the fact that numerically it was impossible for 
her to pull ahead of Barack Obama.  Finally after the Oregon (Obama) and South Dakota 
(Clinton) primary, she begrudgingly conceded on June 6.
April 21 – Participated with Sec. Leavitt in a “Georgetown Conversations” function at 
the home of April and John Delaney in Potomac, MD.  This series is sponsored by Meryl 
Chertoff (Mike Chertoff’s wife) and Larry Gostin.  Bring together a bunch of prominent 
people in an elegant home and make brief statement, followed by Qs and As and then 
dinner.  Very enjoyable.
April 26 – Went to Chicago for the AAP Annual Meeting to induct Bob Seder into the 
AAP (I sponsored him).  Saw Megan and had a nice brunch and then went to L.A. for the 
Milken Institute’s Annual Global Conference where I participated in 2 stimulating Panel 
Discussions on Global Health.  Greg Simon (Al Gore’s former Chief-of-Staff) got me 
involved.  Met a lot of political financial backers at the meeting.  Had dinner at the L.A. 
mansion (Sunset Boulevard) of Lynda and Stewart Resnick and gave dinner remarks.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 176 ---
174
May 2 – Went to Sommerville, NJ to a Merck retreat to help them decide what they are 
going to do with their HIV vaccine program following the disappointing results of the 
STEP study.  Many players in the field were there:  David Baltimore, Dennis Burton, 
David Ho, Ron Desrosiers, Jerry Sadoff, a bunch of Merck people.  Decision is that 
although they want to stay intellectually involved and make reagents available to others, 
they are really going to suspend further studies.
May 13 – Very sad day!   My dear father passed away at 3:56 AM at the New York 
Presbyterian Hospital at Cornell after a brief deterioration in his CHF.  A month or so 
before, a repeat balloon aortic valvuloplasty was attempted (one was done 6 months ago 
with good results, but he slowly slipped back).  The second procedure was met with a 
serious complication (cardiopulmonary arrest) and although he initially recovered well, 
he continued to  go into intractable CHF and renal failure. He was buried at Greenwood 
Cemetery on May 15.
May 19 – Went to Paris to the Institut Pasteur to give a lecture at the  Symposium 
commemorating “25 Years of HIV”, i.e. the discovery by Montagnier.  Gave initial 
lecture on our recent paper in Nature Immunology on the new receptor for HIV – a4B7.  
Had good time in Paris seeing old friends.  Had dinner in the Eiffel Tower with the whole 
group – sat next to Alice Daubry – Director of the Institut Pasteur.
May 30 – AIDS Vaccine Research Subcommittee (AVRS) meeting in Bethesda to 
discuss decision of whether to proceed with the PAVE 100 study of the VRC.  The 
AVRS voted 23 to 3 to go ahead.  Decision will come soon.
June 1 – Gave Commencement Address at UMASS and also saw Jenny in Boston with 
her friend Endria Dickinson.  Had good time.
June 4, 2008 – Jenny’s graduation from Harvard.  J.K. Rowlings gave a great 
commencement address. Wonderful time despite very cold (for June – 52 degrees) and 
raining for 2 days.  Jenny graduated magna cum laude.  Had  nice dinner at Artu in the 
North End.
June 10 – Big honor.  Was invited by President of the U.N. General Assembly Dr. Srgjan 
Kerim to deliver a Keynote Address at the 2008 U.N. General Assembly High-Level 
Meeting on HIV AIDS.  Addresses were by Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon, Pres. 
Kerim, Peter Piot, PWA Ms. Ratri Suksma from Malaysia.  This was followed by several 
Heads of State (El Salvador, Togo, Mozambique, Burkina Faso, and Central African 
Republic).  Jenny was in NYC interviewing for jobs and she was there for the 
presentations.  She was excited by it.   Have a great photo of me at the podium of the UN 
General Assembly giving my speech.
June 11, 2008 – It was publicly announced by the White House today that I will receive 
from the POTUS at the WH the Presidential Medal of Freedom on June 19.  Other 
honorees will include: Dr. Benjamin Carson, Congressman Tom Lantos (posthumously 
and accepted by his widow), Gen. Peter Pace, Donna Shalala, and Laurence Silberman.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 177 ---
175
June 17, 2008 – Tim Russert died of an acute MI on Friday, June 13.  I will be attending 
his memorial service at the Kennedy Center tomorrow.
    Bono called me today to congratulate me on receiving the Presidential Medal of 
Freedom.  I caught him up on my family and mentioned that Megan was starting at 
Columbia in September.  His daughter Jordan (JoJo) is also starting Columbia.  He asked 
me to send him Megan’s contact information since he is worried that his daughter will be 
lonely since she is coming directly from Ireland.  Perhaps they will become friends.
June 18, 2008 – Attended the memorial service for Tim Russert at the Kennedy Center.   
Extraordinary Washington affair with the total “A list” present.   Hosted by Tom Brokaw.   
See book published in 2013 called “This Town” by Marc Liebovich for full details of the 
ceremony.
June 19, 2008 – Extraordinary day at the White House for the Presidential Medal of 
Freedom Ceremonies.  Crisp, clear blue sky, sunny and comfortable day.  A lot of joy in 
the presentations (see my written file records of what was said about me by the POTUS).  
Very good media coverage.   The presentations for everyone were very warm.  Lots of 
wonderful pictures.  Many guests (some of whom came for me) such as Justice Scalia, 
Sam Donaldson, Cuba Gooding, Judge Merrick Arlen, Gen. Richard Meyers,, etc.  I had 
very warm interaction with the POTUS.  When we approached him with my group of 10 
(Chris, Jenny, Ali, Denise and Jack, Cliff Lane, Hugh Auchincloss, J.J. McGowan, Greg 
Folkers and Patty Conrad) to take a group Picture, the POTUS hugged me and put his lips 
to my ears and said, “I love you Tony, Thanks for all you do for our country and the 
world”.  The ceremony took place in the east Room and the reception took place in the 
Banquet room of the East Wing.  After the ceremony we watched from the balcony as the 
POTUS took off in Marine One for a tour of the flood damage in Iowa.
   After the reception, Chris took off with Ali to fly to Chicago to bring home Megan 
from her year there.  Jenny is home after graduation trying to decide what she will do 
next year.
June 21 – 29, 2008 – Extraordinary trip to Greece with Chris, Jenny, Megan and Alison.  
I went first to Thessaloniki to deliver Keynote Address at the Immunocompromised Host 
Society Chaired by Steve Holland.  Spoke on HIV/AIDS (of course).  Then met family in 
Athens where I received an honorary doctorate at the University of Athens sponsored by 
Haralampous (Harry) Moutsopoulos, my old friend from NIH days 30 years ago.  
Absolutely fabulous time, elegant hotel (Grand Bretagne), wonderful food, elegant 
ceremony (very formal with old robes), sight-seeing at Acropolis, Agora, Old Olympic 
Stadium.  Then spent 3 days on the island of Santorini (Ali picked the place) in a 
beautiful, but understated beachfront Hotel with Harry and his wife Foteini.  Santorini is 
a volcanic island of indescribable beauty.  Perfect weather – no clouds at all for 1 week in 
Greece.  Great hospitality, especially from Harris Roussos, an old and dear friend of 
Harry’s who runs the biggest hospital in Athens and who owns an elegant home in 
Santorini.  They threw a “Greek-Style” party for us one night.  Spent evenings eating 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 178 ---
176
elegant meals at mountain cliff restaurant or on the beach.  Visited Oia, Fira – stayed at 
Kamara Beach.  One of the best vacations (albeit brief) that I have ever experienced.
July 3, 2008 – Gave lecture at the Ideas Festival at Aspen, CO on HIV/AIDS in 2025:  
Will we have a vaccine and a cure by then?”.  Usual ambiance of Aspen with nice dinner 
on the night of July 2 catered by the famous Alice Waters of Chez Panisse in Berkley, 
CA and narrated by Corby Kummer, renowned food critic of The Atlantic (also the 
person who lent us his apartment in Boston for Jenny’s graduation (see above).  Met 
usual celebrities at dinner.  Spoke with Chris Jennings (Clinton’s Health person who is 
now with the Obama Campaign since Obama won the primary.  He wants to get me 
involved as a person to advice the campaign informally about what they are on track with 
certain issues.
July 6, 2008 – Wonderful day.  Chris Hultzen arranged to have Danny and Joe Hultzen 
and their friend Austin do “batting practice” with me at STA field.  Danny pitched to me 
and it was terrific. I hit several line drives to outfield, but the distance was poor, nothing 
like the fence shots that Danny and the others were hitting.  It is clear that my power is no 
where near Danny’s and the others.  I pitched to Danny and he hit some over the right 
field fence.
July 17, 2008 – Made what some are saying is a “landmark decision not to proceed with 
the PAVE 100 HIV vaccine trial of the NIAID VRC product.  This followed weeks and 
months of committee meetings and recommendation such as the AIDS Vaccine Research 
Subcommittee (AVRS) who voted to proceed and the Strategic Working Group (SWG) 
who voted not to proceed.  The issue was that the Merck STEP trial failed and actually 
had some safety issues.  The PAVE trial is somewhat different (3 DNA primes and an 
Ad5 boost containing env) from the STEP trial (3 Ad5s without env), yet the preliminary 
immunological data from PAVE 100 was in my mind (some such as Gary Nabel 
disagreed) not much better than those of STEP.  I received many e-mails from people 
arguing for and against.  The decision was mine alone and I decided to reject the 
proposed PAVE trial of 2400 people since it was powered to do immunological correlates 
on a subgroup who might seem to benefit even if the endpoint of the entire group was not 
“effective”, i.e. decrease in viral set point after infection.  I argue that if the trial failed, I 
am not interested in the immunological correlates in a subgroup since this has no 
statistical value.  There was much activity in the Press about my decision and the 
feedback was overwhelming that I had made the right choice.  I encouraged Larry Corey 
of HVTN and Scott Hammer the PI of PAVE to come back to me with a “leaner, meaner” 
protocol that is less expensive, fewer people, less samples to ask if the product works.  If 
it does, then we will go back and do immune correlates.
July 30, 2008 – Christine, Meg and Ali left for Rwanda to spend 2 weeks working with 
Paul Farmer in his Clinic.  More later.
July 30, 2008 – Invited to the White House (East Room) to witness and celebrate the 
signing by the POTUS of the reauthorization of PEPFAR at $48 Billion.  The law is 
officially H.R. 5501 – The Tom Lantos and Henry J. Hyde United States Global 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 179 ---
177
leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria reauthorization Act of 2008.  
The usual cast of HIV-related characters was there.  It felt good to see the attention, 
success and promise of a project that I developed. Now we need to make sure that this 
reauthorization ultimately turns into an appropriation.
July 31 – Sept. 15, 2008 – Busy summer with little time with family.  Chris and girls 
went to beach while I stayed for duties at work.  Chris, Megan and Ali went to Rwanda to 
work with Paul Farmer for 2 ½ weeks.  I did not go since I had to give Keynote Lecture 
at the IAS Meeting in Mexico City (August 3-8).  I focused on a discussion of whether 
we will ever have a “cure” or a vaccine for HIV.  It stirred much discussion and was well 
received.
    We moved Megan into her dorm at Columbia last week in August.  It was great fun.  I 
have a very good feeling about Columbia and hope Megan has a good experience.  
   Jenny has taken a job teaching in a Charter School in the Brownsville Section of 
Brooklyn (adjacent to Bedford-Stuyvesant).  She is living in Prospect Heights-Crown 
Heights.  After my childhood growing up in Brooklyn, I never would have imagined that 
my 22 year old daughter would be living in the toughest section of Brooklyn.  She loves 
teaching the children.
   Amazing political season in Washington, D.C.  Sarah Palin has been chosen as John 
McCain’s running mate and this has shifted the momentum (amazingly so) to the 
Republicans since she has energized the far-right conservative base. I may be pre-
judging, but she seems to be totally unqualified to be Vice-President (or President) of the 
USA.
   On Sept. 14, went to a great BBQ party at Sam Donaldson’s home in McLean, VA.  All 
the usual suspects were there with whom I have become friends with over the years and 
we talked election year politics:  Colin and Alma Powell, Lee Hamilton, Bob Barnett, 
Fred and Marlene Maleck, John and Debbie Dingel, Bill and Janet Cohen, Wayne and 
Catherine Reynolds, Steve and Alice Rosenberg, Ben and Candy Carson, Birch and Kitty 
Bayh, and many others.
  On the evening of Sept. 15 Chris and I attended one of the spectacularly elegant 
reception/dinner parties hosted by Wayne and Catherine Reynolds at the Eisenhower 
Theater of the Kennedy center to celebrate the re-opening (after upgrading) of the 
Theater.  Again, all the usual suspects of Washington glitterati were there – most people 
from Sam Donaldson’s party the night before as well as many other media, government 
and military people: Gens. Jim Walston, Wesley Clark, James Jones, Colin Powell; the 
Eisenhower grandchildren (Anne and Susan); journalists (Chris Wallace, Wolf Blitzer) 
and on and on.  Really a very relaxed evening with spectacular entertainment.  The 
reception was in the foyer outside the Theater and the dinner was right on the Theater 
Stage with performances by dance troupes, Jane Alexander, the entire original cast of 
“Mame” right within a foot or two of the dinner tables.  Wayne and Catherine do it again!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 180 ---
178
Sept. 16, 2008 – Testified before Rep. Henry Waxman’s House Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform in Rayburn House Building Room 2154. Topic = HIV 
prevention in light of the new numbers from CDC showing that the incidence in USA of 
HIV is worse than was previously calculated – 56, 300 versus 40,000.  Other main 
witness was Julie Gerberding with Kevin Fenton of CDC and Tom Insel of NIH as back-
ups.  Hearing went very well – generally friendly.  Maxine Waters gave Julie Gerberding 
a hard time about not acting with leadership in a “crisis”.  I stated that needle-exchange 
works and that abstinence only does not work.  This may upset some ideologues in HHS 
or the WH.  Mild Fall day – slightly cloudy.
Sept. 23-30, 2008 – Major crisis on Wall Street and in the banking industry with big 
banks and financial institutions failing – Lehman Brothers (Bankrupt), Fannie Mae and 
Freddie Mack taken over by the government, AIG bailed out by the government; many 
buyouts and mergers, stock market plunged by 777 points in 1 day – largest drop ever.  
Congress trying to agree on a $700 Billion bailout package for financial institutions to 
restore the credit flow in the USA.  Big problems!!
Oct. 1, 2008 – On Sept. 23, 2008 Elias Zerhouni announced that he would step down as 
NIH Director at the end of October, right before the election to avoid any confusion about 
political issues and to call attention to the vacancy for the incoming transition.  I was 
asked to be Acting Director and refused; Steve Katz was considered but was rejected by 
the WH because of the LA Times story on him and conflict of interest a few years ago.  
Betsy Nabel either withdrew her name or was not asked because of an issue of a COI of 
one of her recently hired Senior Advisors.  Raynard Kington (current deputy NIH 
Director) should have been asked directly but was not.  Not clear why the DHHS and/or 
the WH are uncomfortable with him.  One version is that he is not well known in the 
Congress and among constituencies; anther more cynical version is that the WH has a 
problem with a gay man (he is married and has an adopted child).  The WH and/or DHHS 
tried to then get me to agree to be publicly appointed as a “Senior Advisor” to the Acting 
Director to quell the concerns of the outside people and indicate that a strong, visible, 
experienced person such as me was “watching the store” even though Kington would be 
appointed as the official Acting Director.  I told Elias and Jamie Burke (White House 
Liason Office) that this was impossible and no way would I do this.  I told them explicitly 
that I did not want to do it in the first place; second – it was an insult to Kington and 
would undermine his authority; third – people would come directly to me and circumvent 
Kington’s authority; fourth – it looks stupid.  She actually agreed and so the decision was 
to appoint Kington cleanly and have me be available “behind the scenes with no 
announcements” to advise him if he needed advice.
Oct. 2, 2008 – Gave Inaugural Ben Kean Lecture on Global Health at New York 
Presbyterian Hospital - Weill Cornell Medical Center.  Great déjà vu  feeling about my 
years there.  Much adulation among house staff at lecture and morning report.
Oct. 3 – 4, 2008 – Went to Parent’s Weekend at Columbia for Megan.  Jenny (living in 
Brooklyn) joined Chris and me for a couple of dinners with Meg. Went to Columbia-
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 181 ---
179
Princeton football game.  Great weekend.  Jenny, Meg and I watched the Sarah Palin – 
Joe Biden debate.  What an idiot Palin is!!
      Stock Market is tumbling badly.  It is scary as it looks like it is crashing as a result of 
the bank credit crunch that is causing anxiety of Wall Street.  When this settles, I will re-
think the advisability of my even being invested in Wall Street as opposed to safe Money 
Market investment or T bills.
Oct. 6, 2008 – Big news today.  Nobel Prize in Medicine or Physiology given to 
Francoise Barre-Sinoussi and Luc Montagnier for HIV and to Harald Zur Hausen for 
HPV discovery..  This is a big slight to Gallo, likely because of the controversy from the 
1980s.  The Committee could have given the 3 (limit) to HIV and save HPV for another 
year; yet they combined them and thus Gallo was out since it is clear from the 1983 
Science paper that Montagnier and Barre-Sinoussi discovered the virus first, although 
Gallo proved cause effect one year later and discovered TCGF (IL-2) that allowed 
everyone to grow T cells in culture and hence grow the virus.
     Gave the after dinner address at the Woodrow Wilson Internal Center for Scholars 
Dinner for their Board of Trustees, Councilors, and Scholars at the Ronald Reagan 
Building in DC.  Cool, crisp night.  I was invited by Lee Hamilton. Many notable people 
there including Sam and Jan Donaldson, Marvin Kalb, Robin Cook, etc.  I spoke on 
HIV/AIDS:  An Historical Perspective.  Talk extremely well received.
Oct. 11 – 16, 2008 – Traveled to Cape Town, South Africa to deliver a keynote address 
at the 2008 AIDS Vaccine Meeting on “An HIV Vaccine: Science and Policy”.  The talk 
was very well received.  I spoke of the particular challenges of  HIV vaccinology 
compared with “classical” vaccinology.  Weather was beautiful and the city was in my 
mind a cross between San Francisco and Rio de Janeiro.  We took a drive on Monday 
AM, Oct. 13 around the countryside to vineyards and around the historical parts of the 
city.  Most disturbing to me was the conditions that I saw at the “townships” a few miles 
outside of the city.  Particularly disturbing was Khayelitsha township that seemed to go 
on for miles with huts that were made of corrugated tin roofs and plywood and other soft 
material.  The huts were smack next to each other with very little room between them to 
even walk outside.  Apparently they have electricity in some huts and common water 
sources and latrines, but I cannot imagine anyone living there.  The black South Africans 
say that it is not as bad as it looks and they are gradually trying to phase them out and 
replace them with regular housing.  I cannot judge since this is the first time that I have 
seen them, but I would flatten the whole thing now and build high-rises.  Problem is that 
hundreds of thousands of people live there and you cannot just displace them now 
without a facility to put them in.
   I have some concern at this point that the Vaccine Enterprise in the person of Allan 
Bernstein is looking for ways to change the direction of HIV vaccine research even 
though he has been in the field only for months.  He is a very good guy, but I repeat my 
usual statement of “everybody wants to be somebody” and “beware of people who do not 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 182 ---
180
have real day jobs”.  They tend to try and change things that they do not yet even 
understand.
Oct. 17 – 25, 2008 – The polls are starting to swing heavily towards Barack Obama.  He 
may indeed be our next President.
Oct. 20, 2008 – Attended funeral of Paul Rogers (“Mr. Health”) at the National 
Cathedral.  Sad day.  He was a great advocate for biomedical research.  I got to know him 
well over the past 24 years together with his wife Becky.  We went to many functions 
together over the years.
Oct. 22, 2008 – Participated in the dedication of the new NBAAC facility of DHS at Fort 
Detrick.  Since NIAID is a partner in that “Biodefense Campus”, it was important that I 
be there for the ceremony.  Met with Gen George Weightman (he of the Walter Reed 
Army Hospital scandal – bad conditions for wounded veterans of Iraq war – Was not his 
fault, but he got caught holding the bag) who is the US Army Commander.  Cliff Lane 
gave me tour of our facility in Ft. Detrick – designed to do sophisticated imaging studies 
on non-human primates.
Oct. 26, 2008 – Received Maxwell Finland Award from the IDSA and gave the ICAAC 
Award Lecture at the Annual ICAAC\IDSA meeting at the DC Convention Center on 
“Global Health and infectious Diseases:  A Look to the Future”.  It was amazing.  There 
were 11,000 people in the audience!  Clearly the largest crowd that I have ever spoken to 
live even counting all of the Keynotes lectures that I have given at many International 
AIDS Meetings.  Lecture very well received.  Next day (Oct. 27) went with Chris to the 
IDSA and ICAAC president’s reception at the American Portrait Gallery on 8th Street and 
F Street, N.W.  beautiful crisp (55 F) clear Fall days for both occasions.
Oct. 30, 2008 – Farewell ceremony for Elias Zerhouni as NIH Director.  I gave a strong 
laudatory for him (see my printed speeches).  Much speculation that I will be next NIH 
Director.  Interesting – 6.5 years have gone by since I was faced with this same choice 
and the best decision that I made was to say no to George Bush.  So many good things 
have happened to me professionally since then.  I doubt that I want to do it.
Nov. 4, 2008 – Barack Obama will be our new POTUS!!  Everyone excited about this.  
We spent elective night at a party next door with Rob Stein and Ellen Perry and some 
friends (Dan and Gigi Green – former ABC Producer of Nightline and others).
Stock Market crashing – no one seems to know when bottom will come
Nov. 8, 2008 – I presented an award post-humously to Paul Rogers at an Arthritis 
Foundation black tie gala.  He had wanted me to present it to him while he was alive, but 
unfortunately, he recently passed away from lung cancer.  Steve Lawton (his longtime 
friend and former staffer) received the award on Paul’s behalf.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 183 ---
181
Nov. 10, 2008 – Stock market still crashing – no end in sight.  Big Federal bailouts of 
banks and credit companies to the tune of $1 trillion and more; yet slide continues.
Nov. 14, 2008 – I receive the “FREDDIE Award” for Public Service (known as the 
Oscars for medical media)  from MediMedia at a Philadelphia Gala at the Crystal Tea 
Room in the old Wannamaker Building.  Chris, Megan, Ali, Stewart Simonson, Cliff 
Lane, Patty Conrad, and her friend Betsy Wilder were there.  Big surprise was that Bono 
made a video that was shown in which he lauded me as a true global hero and one of the 
most important people in the world over the past many decades. Very flattering and in 
keeping with how kind Bono has been to me over the years.
Nov. 18, 2008 – Received the VIDA Award for Leadership from the National Hispanic 
Health Alliance at the Willard Hotel in DC.
Nov. 19, 2008 – Tom Daschle named as DHHS Secretary.  I will soon be approached for 
NIH Director job.  Am struggling with this, but my commitment to HIV/AIDS and 
Global Health, particularly with the new exciting issues of “treatment as prevention” and 
the challenges of an AIDS vaccine , not to mention malaria and TB keep me engrossed in 
what I am doing.
Nov. 20, 2008 – NIAID sponsors the Annual Kinyoun Lecture.  This year’s speaker was 
Ralph Steinman who won the Basic Medical Research Lasker Award in 2007 at the time 
that I won the Lasker Public Service Award.  Spoke on Dendritic Cells.  Tough situation 
since he has pancreatic cancer and is on chemotherapy and immunotherapy.  He looked 
thin but spirited.
Nov. 20, 2008 – See below – soon to appear in US News and World Report
America's Best Leaders: Anthony Fauci, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases
By 
Avery Comarow 
Posted November 19, 2008
It has been more than 50 years since Tony Fauci ran the floor in Catholic Youth 
Organization basketball as captain and point guard, but he is still calling signals. In 
June, Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases since 
1984, received the Presidential Medal of Freedom for leading the fight against HIV/AIDS 
and other devastating epidemics world wide. He recently spoke with U.S. News's Avery 
Comarow. Excerpts:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 184 ---
182
Anthony Fauci
 
On the art of persuasion. There's more than one way to get to the goal that you want to 
get to, but once you compromise your own principles, then you're lost. You're really lost. 
You just can't do that, even if it means that people are going to be disappointed in you 
and you might not find yourself in the inner circle. Every time I go to a meeting in the 
[White House's] Roosevelt Room or the Oval Office or in the chambers of Congress, I 
keep in my mind that I may have to say something that will disappoint people, and if that 
disappointment leads to my not getting asked back, so be it.
On being principled without destroying relationships. You maintain a respect for the 
other person, and you reflect that in how you deal with that person—although you may 
disagree with them, you respect them and their right to have their view. I've had 
discussions with people who somehow just didn't get it. You never walk away in 
frustration. Some people feel, you make your case, if they listen to you, fine, if they don't, 
that's it. That's not what leadership is. Leadership is trying to continue to make a case.
• Click here for more of America's Best Leaders 
• Click here for more on Anthony Fauci
America's Best Leaders 2008
David Gergen: Obama Is a Leader of Great Potential, but He Can’t Do 
It Alone 
This year’s Best Leaders are the kind of people who can help him lead us out of our 
doldrums.
Lance Armstrong 
Cyclist and Advocate Making tireless efforts on behalf of cancer survivors like himself.
David Baltimore 
California Institute of Technology This Nobel-winning scientist leads with "a little bit of 
chutzpah."
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 185 ---
183
Regina Benjamin 
Le Batre Rural Health Clinic She believes that living in a tiny rural town shouldn't mean 
giving up big-city healthcare.
Jeff Bezos 
Amazon.com The founder of the massive online retailer is a true Internet pioneer.
Terence Blanchard and Herbie Hancock 
Thelonious Monk Institute Their Thelonius Monk Institute of Jazz brings music education 
to public schools.
Benjamin Carson 
Johns Hopkins Hospital A talented pediatric neurosurgeon and activist for inner-city kids.
Manny Diaz 
Mayor of Miami A son of Cuban immigrants, Diaz leads one of the nation's major 
multicultural cities.
Marian Wright Edelman 
Children's Defense Fund A civil rights pioneer and crusader on behalf of children.
Anthony Fauci 
National Institute of Allergies & Infectious Diseases A leader on HIV/AIDS and a 
straight talker on key health issues.
Mike Feinberg and Dave Levin 
Knowledge Is Power Program Raising educational expectations in underserved 
communities.
Opinion
The Financial Crisis Kills Trust in Leaders 
Bill George: We must do more than fix the crisis; we need to fix the mindset that got us 
into it.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 186 ---
184
Obama and American Followership 
Barbara Kellerman: At this moment in history, diffusion of power overwhelms 
leadership.
Robert Gates 
Secretary of Defense Pentagon chief looks for uses of "soft power" in a hard power 
world.
Fiona Harrison and Maria Zuber 
NASA scientists The first two women to head their own NASA robotic space missions.
Freeman Hrabowski 
University of Maryland-Baltimore County He helped turn a no-name commuter college 
into a center for math and science.
Amory Lovins 
Rocky Mountain Institute For this bright light in the field of alternative energy, it's all 
about efficiency.
Anne Mulcahy 
Xerox In reforming a troubled company, she had the courage to say "No" to Wall Street.
Indra Nooyi 
PepsiCo Karaoke-singing chief executive is taking Pepsi in an unlikely direction--toward 
healthful foods.
Linda Rottenberg 
Endeavor Her nonprofit seeks to build profitable small businesses on a global scale.
Jeffrey Sachs 
United Nations Millennium Project An academic who looks for real-world ways to beat 
global poverty.
Steven Spielberg 
Filmmaker He addresses important issues on the big screen and through his philanthropy.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 187 ---
185
Michael Tilson Thomas 
San Francisco Symphony A maverick maestro is winning big crowds of new classical 
music fans.
U.S. Junior Officers 
Military They are rising in the military ranks with a hard-earned wisdom forged by war.
 
A New Leadership Style For America 
Joseph S. Nye Jr.: It's time to retire the "big man," heroic warrior model of leadership.
Lance Armstrong: Beatrice De Gea/ The New York Times/Redux; David Baltimore: 
Manjunath Kiran/EPA/Corbis; Regina Benjamin: Charlie Archambault for USN&WR; 
Jeff Bezos: Brian Smale/Redux; Terence Blanchard: David Butow/Redux for USN&WR; 
Benjamin Carson: Gurinder Osan/AP; Manny Diaz: Paul Sancya/AP; Marian Wright 
Edelman: Jeffrey MacMillan for USN&WR; Anthony Fauci: Charlie Archambault for 
USN&WR; Mike Feinberg: Kevin Horan/Aurora for USN&WR; Robert Gates: Jeffrey 
MacMillan for USN&WR; Herbie Hancock: David Butow/Redux for USN&WR; Fiona 
Harrison: David Butow--Redux for USN&WR; Freeman Hrabowski: Jeffrey MacMillan 
for USN&WR; Indra Nooyi: Neville Elder/Corbis; Dave Levin: Jim Lo Scalzo for 
USN&WR; Amory Lovins: Ben Stechschulte/Redux; Anne Mulcahy: Ben Baker/Redux; 
Linda Rottenberg: Peter Dejong/AP; Jeffrey Sachs: Chip East/Reuters; Steven Spielberg: 
Steven Henry/Getty Images; Michael Tilson Thomas: Chris Gordon/Getty Images; U.S. 
junior officers serving in war zones: Joe Raedle/Getty Images; Maria Zuber: Bill 
Ingalls/NASA
Nov. 21, 2008 – Went to dinner party at Ellen and Gerry Sigal’s home.  Present were 
Chris Grady, Ellen, Gerry, Richard and Donna Benveniste, Bill and Melody Wilson, 
Larry and Carla Silverstein, Neera Tanden and husband Dan.  Neera is on the Obama 
transition team and I am sure that Ellen in her quest to get me to become NIH Director set 
this up for us to meet.  I am very reluctant to take the job and soon I will likely have to 
tell the Obama people “no” if they ask. 
Prior to the Sigal dinner party I gave remarks at the opening reception for the TAG 
Workshop on Eliminating Viral Persistence and Eradicating HIV infection.  This is 
becoming a very hot issue that I have been pushing in the sense of a “functional” cure.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 188 ---
186
Nov. 22, 2008 – Was invited by former President George H.W. Bush to attend the 
christening of the new aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush at Norfolk , VA on Jan. 
10, 2009.  
Nov.24, 2008 – Breakfast and panel discussion at the National Press Club in association 
with my (and others) receiving the recognition of America’s Best Leaders 2008 (24 
Leaders Who are Making a Difference) by U.S. News & World Report and the Center for 
Public Leadership of the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.  
David Gergon MC’d the affair and C-SPAN-2 covered it.  We also all appeared in the 
Dec. 1-8, 2008 issue of U.S. News & World Report.  Other winners who were present 
were: David Baltimore, Regina Benjamin, Benjamin Carson, Manuel Diaz (Mayor of 
Miami), Marian Wright Edelman, Fiona Anne Harrison, Freeman A. Hrabowski (Pres. U 
of MD, Baltimore County, Dave Levin (Founder of KIPP Foundation, Linda Rottenberg 
(CEO, Endeavor), Mike Feinberg (C0-founder of KIPP), Maria Zuber (MIT).  Awardees 
who were not there: Lance Armstrong, Jeffrey Bezos (CEO, Amazon.com), Terence 
Blanchard and Herbie Hancock (Thelonius Monk Institute of Jazz), Robert Gates 
(Secretary of DoD), Amory Lovins, Anne Mulcahy (CEO Xerox), Indra Nooyi (CEO, 
PepsiCo.) Junior Officers DoD, Jeffrey Sachs, Steven Spielberg, Michael Tilson Thomas 
Music Director, SF Symphony.
     David Gergon asked each of us what we would recommend to President-Elect Obama 
as an area that he should pay attention to.  I stressed the need for support of biomedical 
research and also the importance and moral obligation that we have towards promoting 
Global Health and its potential for “Health Diplomacy”.
Nov. 25, 2008 – Received a call from Aaron Pickrell who is running the Obama 
transition team for HHS and sub-agencies.  He said that my name is actively being 
discussed for NIH director and he wanted to know if I was interested.  I was frank and 
honest with him saying that I wanted to remain as NIAID Director, but I want to be part 
of the Obama team and perhaps we could work out something informal (without title) or 
more formal (?Special Assistant or Special Advisor to the POTUS) for issues on Global 
AIDS, Emerging infections, and Biodefense.  He said that he would run this up the ladder 
and see how people react.  My real desire is to stay where I am but to be called upon as I 
have been for 20+ years on issues mentioned above.  I do not want to give up my solid 
base of scientific credibility.  I hear that Francis Collins is aggressively campaigning for 
the job of NIH Director – not surprising.
Nov. 29, 2008 – Had brunch with small group of people at Richard and Donna Ben-
Veniste’s house.  He is a great guy with whom Chris and I have developed a nice 
friendship.  He asked about the NIH Director job and suggested without my implying that 
I should tell the Obama people that I want to do both NIAID Director and NIH Director.  
This is what I agreed upon with Tommy Thompson 6 years ago, but the WH (Clay 
Johnson) blocked it and said that I could take one or the other.  I picked NIAID Director.  
I actually do not think that doing both jobs would work, mainly because people would 
jump on the “appearance” of conflict every time that I made a decision that they did not 
like or if their grant did not get funded, and on and on.  Also at the brunch was Carl 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 189 ---
187
Feldbaum, the IG of the DoD during the Carter Administration and his son Harley who is 
at Hopkins School of Public Health and is very interested in “Health Diplomacy”.  He has 
been an admirer of mine for years as a student.  I hope to help him and perhaps advise 
him on career choices.
Nov. 30, 2008 – Sunday AM (pouring rain).  I had backed out of the Redskins- NY 
Giants game with Gene Elrod because my daughters were home for Thanksgiving 
weekend. Got a call from Jay Lefkowitz who is writing a brief history of PEPFAR for a 
trade journal (forgot which one).  He wanted to do a historical fact check with me about 
the timing of meetings that we had with Josh Bolton, Gary Edson, Kristen Silverberg in 
the WH.  His version of events was strikingly close to my historical memory.  During the 
conversation he asked about the NIH Director job and we reminisced about the Bush 
years.  Interesting fact that he dropped.  He related that he was having a conversation 
with Bush during the time of the NIH Director decision and Bush said, “why not just 
appoint Tony Fauci”.  Jay agreed.  Jay now casually mentioned that Karl Rove was 
against my candidacy.  He did not say why.  I could be that he was against the “dual” 
appointment or perhaps he was influenced by Sen. Brownback’s concern about my stance 
on fetal tissue and stem cell research.  I guess that I will never know.
Dec. 6, 2008 – Annual Christmas Party at Sam and Jan Donaldson’s home.  As usual, 
great time with the standard cast of characters some of whom are: Colin Powell, Wolf 
Blitzer (CNN), Bob Barnett, George Will, Ellen and Gerry Sigal (told me that Francis 
Collins is “aggressively” campaigning for the job of NIH Director.  I told her that I 
preferred to stay at NIAID.), Bob  Mueller (FBI), Gen. James Jones (new National 
Security Advisor for Obama; we spoke about the importance of biodefense and gave him 
my card).  Great time was had!
   After the Donaldson party went to the National Zoo (Amazonia) for the 50th Birthday 
party for Greg Folkers thrown by his significant other Sheila Stinson.
Dec. 7, 2008 – (Sunday) – got e-mail asking me to call Mike Froman from the Obama 
Transition Team, wanting to know if I was interested in the NIH Director’s job.  He said 
that Obama had mentioned my name to him and asked that he contact me.  I told him 
what I told Aaron Pickrell on Nov. 25 (above) that I felt that I could serve Obama, his 
administration, and the American people better in my  current job and expressed a 
willingness to work closely with them the way I have with the Bush and Clinton 
Administrations.  He understood and asked if I would be willing to help vet names for 
them as they narrow the search.  I told him that I would be happy to do that.
Dec. 9, 2008 – Chris and I went to the VP Mansion for the Annual Christmas Party.  
Bitter-sweet since this is the last one that I will have gone to the mansion for the Bush 
Administration and maybe (who knows?) the last visit that I might make to the VP 
mansion.  Chris and I reminisced that the first time we came here was when George H.W. 
Bush was VP in the early 1980s and how we returned several times for receptions and 
brunches as the VP and I became friends.  Tonight there was the usual cast of people who 
I had the opportunity to talk to and thank for the years of working together and helping 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 190 ---
188
each other out.  First and foremost was VP Cheney who expressed his appreciation for 
“all that I have done for our country” over the years that we had worked together and 
beyond.  Also, reminisced with Bruce Miller (VP’s Chief for biodefense), David 
Addington (VP Counsel), Mike Chertoff, Mike Leavitt, Bob Kadlec.
Dec. 10, 2008 – On an unseasonably warm night for December, went to the Mandarin 
Hotel in Washington, D.C. (12th and Maryland Avenue, SW) to receive the “25 Greatest 
Public Servants” Award  from the Council for Excellence in Government.  It was 
somewhat of a big deal.  Other awardees who were present were Everett Alvarez (Viet 
Nam pilot POW), Lee Hamilton, Sen. Richard Lugar, Tom Ridge, Donna Shalala, Shirley 
Jackson (President Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute).  Other awardees who were not there 
were:  James Baker, Mayor Mike Bloomberg of NYC, Mayor Richard Daley of Chicago, 
Former VP Al Gore, Tom Kean, Ted Kennedy, Congressman John Lewis, Wilma 
Mankiller, Norman Pinetta, George Mitchell, Sandra Day O’Connor, Peter Peterson 
(Chairman, Council on Foreign Relations, Colin Powell, Alice Rivlin, Robert Rubin, 
George Schultz, Paul Volker, John C. Whitehead Former deputy Secr. Of State.
Interesting evening with a lot of friendly discussions about the Obama transition.  Clay 
Johnson of OMB was there and said a few words about the Bush Administration and told 
the large dinner crowd that we are leaving the government and the country better than we 
found it – the entire audience was struck silent.  You could feel the discomfort in the 
room.  I sort-of like Clay (even though he screwed me years ago re: the NIH 
Directorship), but he clearly proved how out-of-touch he and the Administration people 
are.
Dec. 10 – 26, 2008  – Jenny got home on Dec. 23 and Megan has been home since Dec. 
19.  Wonderful to have all 3 girls together in the house.  Jenny is as passionate as ever 
over the work that she is doing teaching science at a charter school in Brooklyn 
(Brownsville).  She lives in Park Slope.  I am a bit worried about her living in a tough 
section of Brooklyn, but she is a careful young woman.  Interesting that she wound up in 
the place on my birth.  Megan is somewhat sad and lonely in NYC even though she is 
doing extremely well at Columbia (all As except for 1 A- and 1 A+).  She does not like 
college life, but I am sure that she will adjust since her main issue is she does not make 
friends easily.
Dec. 26 – Jan. 1, 2009 – Had our every 3 ½ year big Editorial Board meeting of HPIM in 
preparation for HPIM-18 .  Meeting in Rio Grande (40 minutes West of San Juan). 
Enjoyed the stay, but Chris and the girls were there only from Dec. 28 (PM) until Dec. 31 
(AM).  We had my 1 day off on Dec. 30 and spent day at beach with great weather (80 
and sunny).  Chris and I and the girls together with the Hauser boys (Bennett, William 
and Stewart) went kayaking in an sea kayak out to a sand bar.  Spent the evening in Old 
San Juan at a great outdoor restaurant in the old square near El Moro Fort.
Jan. 4, 2009 – Had our traditional New Years Eve dinner with the Gallin’s at their house 
this time together with Ali and Megan since we missed the real New Years Eve as I was 
in PR.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 191 ---
189
Jan 6, 2009 – Hectically busy since returning from PR.  Went to Philadelphia to receive 
the Silver Award Lectureship at Children’s Hospital of Penn (CHOP).  Hosted by Steve 
Douglas.  Kept me very busy with lecture, dinner at a great restaurant (LaCroix) at the 
Rittenhouse Hotel., multiple meeting with staff and fellows.
Jan. 7, 2009 – Dinner at the home (Villa Firenze on Albermarle Street, N.W.) Italian 
Ambassador to the USA Giovanni Castellenata and his wife Leila in honor of Dr. Enrico 
Garaci, the president of the Istituto Superiore della Sanita in Rome.  Also present were 
Ruggero DeMaria Marchiano (Director of Research at the Institute), Frank Carlucci and 
wife, Daniel Daniello (Founding Partner of the Carlyle Group) Simone Bemporad (Senior 
VP, Media Relations and Intern. Affairs of Finmeccanica SPA), Michael Ansari (Pres 
and CEO MIC Industries), Francesco Celi of NIDDK, NIH.  Discussed what the Obama 
Administration might mean for the future.
Jan. 9 – 10, 2009 – Most extraordinary 2 days.  Drive with Chris  to Norfolk, VA to 
witness the commissioning ceremony of the USS George H.W. Bush  - CVN77.  This 
was at the invitation of Bush 41.  Amazingly, I was given a “Red” pass which was for 
“super VIPs”.  Arrived on a Friday night (Jan. 9) and stayed at the Renaissance Hotel in 
Portsmouth, VA.  This was an overflow, yet superb hotel, since I send in my RSVP rather 
late as I was somewhat ambivalent about driving 3 hours and 45 minutes to the 
ceremony.  What a mistake that would have been not to go.  Patty Conrad used her 
influence and experience with White House social people to allow a late RSVP.  In fact, 
Patty was invited also related to her years in the Bush 41 White House as Advance Team 
member.  Attended elegant reception and buffet on Friday night at the Marriott in 
Norfolk.  Met many of the Bush 41 and 43 people that I have known over the many years.  
Included were Andy Card, Marlin Fitzwater, John Sununu (we reminisced about the day I 
said no the Bush 41 in the Oval Office when he offered me the NIH job). Also saw Phil 
Brady who worked for Bush 41 when he was VP, Tim McBride, David Demerest, Roger 
Porter, Kevin Moley, among others.  Bush 41 and Barbara Bush came to the reception 
and Bush made some comments.  Floods of people wanted to say hello.  I got to speak 
with Mrs. Bush and she told me how proud she was of what I have been doing over these 
many years and said that she and George H.W talk about me often when they see me in 
the news.  Did not get a chance to say hello to Bush 41 since there were too many people 
crowding him and I did not want to appear aggressive.  I will write him a note. Patty 
Conrad was at the reception with Betsy Wilder and they saw many old friends from WH 
days.
     Saturday (Jan. 10) was glorious with clear blue skies and 45 to 50 degrees.  Chris an I 
went on a nice run around the harbor in the AM and then took off for the ceremony.  The 
entire naval and naval air base of Norfolk/Portsmouth is immense and beautiful.  We 
were fortunate to have red passes since there were 17,000 people at the commissioning 
and we zoomed right in.  We actually had seats on the side deck right across from the 
front deck where Bush was.  We sat 1 row from W’s daughters Barbara and Jenna, both 
of whom I know (see notes above).  None of the ceremony took place on the top deck, all 
the second level decks.  The view and ceremony were one of the most special things that 
I have experienced.  The POTUS, VP Cheney, Laura Bush all flew in by Helicopter to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 192 ---
190
the main deck.  The speeches brought tears to peoples eyes recounting the war-time 
heroism of Bush 41.  Four FA18 jets did a fly-by right in front of us as did a 
reconstructed “Avenger” fighter/bomber that Bush flew when he was shot down .  The 
aircraft carrier was immense and awe-inspiring.. Ships’s Captain was Capt. Kevin E. 
O’Flaherty. Chris and I drove home glowing and talking about the almost “surrealistic” 
experience.  
   On the evening of Saturday (Jan 10 – now raining in DC) we attend a party at Jamie 
Gorelick and Rick Waldron’s home.  Party theme was “A New Year, A New Day”.  It 
was mainly focused on the excitement over the upcoming Obama Administration.  Great 
party with many Obama people there such as Larry Summers, Lisa Brown (WH Staff 
Secretary), Susan Rice (Ambassador to UN), and others.  I spoke to Lisa and Susan about 
my vision for “Test and Treat” to eliminate HIV and how this would fit nicely into the 
Pres-elect’s mandate for Health Care Reform.  I reiterated when they asked that I was not 
interested in leaving NIAID or being NIH Director, but I wanted to be active in the 
administration in the areas where I am expert such as Global Health, AIDS, etc. Susan 
Rice was particularly interested in my discussion of “Health Diplomacy”.  Hopefully 
these discussions will lead to my working with the Obama Adm in my current position as 
NIAID Director to accomplish some of these goals.  Also at the party and people that I 
spoke to were Walter Isaacson, David Ignatius (Washington Post), E.J. Dionne (Post), 
Chris Matthews (NBC) and Kathleen Matthews, Nina Totenberg (NPR), Linda Douglas 
(ABC), Judy Woodruff (NPR) among others.  Very enjoyable night.
Jan 19 – 20, 2009 – Extraordinary excitement for the Inauguration of President Obama.  
Jenny and Endrea came down from NYC ; also Megan took a day off from Columbia and 
came down.  Freezing cold weather for the weekend before and the Monday (Jan. 19 – 
Martin Luther King Birthday) and Tuesday (Jan. 20 – Inauguration day). On Jan. 19, 
Chris and I attended a terrific brunch hosted by General Electric and NBC.  I was invited 
because of my many years dealing with NBC (Meet the Press, NBC Network, etc.) 
Brunch was at the National Museum of Women in the Arts on 12th Street and New York 
Avenue, NW.  Many friends from the media there – Chris and Kathleen Matthews,  
David Gregory, Tom Brokaw, Andrea Mitchell, Kelly O’Connell, etc.  Festive time and 
excitement about the Inaug.  That afternoon Chris and the girls went to a concert on the 
Mall featuring every important rock star and Hollywood star – Bono, Bruce Springsteen, 
Usher, Wil-I-Am, Stevie Wonder, Beyonce, etc.
    The city was invaded by people on Jan. 20 – over 1 million people descended on the 
Mall on a freezing (7 F in the AM and teens during the day) crisp, clear day. Chris and 
the girls and Jo Oliver (former Nanny) went down to the Mall at around 7:00 AM for a 
ceremony that started at 12:00 noon.  I decided to drive them as far downtown as possible 
and they walked the rest of the way.  Most roads closed and 3 hour waits at Metro 
stations.  Most people ever on the Mall.  I watched on TV (too cold and too many 
people).  Obama gave a great speech.  Unfortunately, Teddy Kennedy had a seizure at the 
lunch at the Capitol following the inauguration and before the parade.  Recall his recent 
surgery for Malignant brain tumor.  Ironic that I was speaking with his son Teddy at the 
brunch the day before at the Women’s Museum and Teddy said that he was doing great.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 193 ---
191
He even said that his father always talks about what an “incredibly smart guy Tony Fauci 
is”.  Teddy says that his father loves me – what a shame for this illness of a great man.
   The evening of Jan. 20, Chris and I were invited to a Ball at the Museum of Natural 
History – Blue Diamond Ball – “Health for All” organized by Radia Daoussi and Brian 
Hennessy. They had previously done a film on their daughters and how they asked 
questions about HIV and how people answered them.  They are somewhat of a “slippery” 
couple who were using health people for self-aggrandizement.  I was invited to speak at 
the function along with Paul Farmer, Jim Kim, Congressman John Conyers, 
Congressman Dennis Kucinich, Helene Gayle (CARE), Georges Benjamin.  Party MC’d 
by Tracey Neale (Emmy Award Winning TV Personality).  Entertainment by Jackson 
Browne.  I did not stay for the entertainment.  Too much bullshit at the Ball (mostly 
because of motivations of the hosts).  I probably should not have gone.
Jan. 23, 2009 – very sad day.  Marty Delaney, my good friend and the original AIDS 
activist died today of hepatic cancer as a complication of hepatitis B-related cirrhosis.  I 
found out about the diagnosis about 1 month ago and had been working with Brenda Lein 
(his good friend and also an AIDS activist) to see if we could set him up with a liver 
transplant; however, the tumor had already infiltrated the portal vein.  He had a rapid 
course (similar to my mother’s) and died in hepatic coma.  I really liked this guy.  He was 
the one who in the late 1980s encouraged (even pushed) me to go to a Town-Hall 
meeting that he had arranged in San Francisco to go against the FDA and USG and 
advocate for a Parallel Track program for AIDS drug availability.  Long story to this 
(which should be fleshed out for the book).  I knew it was the right thing to do and had 
been listening to Marty and to Jim Eigo of ACT-UP who was also a strong advocate of 
parallel track.  When I put my support behind it in SF at the public meeting, this was on 
the front page of the NY Times the next day.  I thought for sure that I would get in 
trouble with HHS since Frank Young and the FDA were dead against this.  However, so 
many people were excited that I had the courage to do this publicly that Frank Young 
caved in and made a public statement that he actually agreed with me (what an 
opportunist!!).  In any event, this would not have happened had it not been for Marty.  I 
need to go back and get the precise dates for this.  Interesting that in January of 1993 I 
was given a certificate of Appreciation by HHS for being a leader in the establishment of 
Parallel Track .  Throughout the subsequent years, Marty has always been an honest 
broker with me and we had come to develop a great deal of respect and affection for each 
other.  In the early days, he used to smuggle AIDS drugs (unapproved) across the 
Mexican border to California.  He also arranged “AIDS Drug Buyer’s Clubs”.  He also 
wrote many manuals for informing the at risk population and infected people about 
important issues.  In my mind Marty was a true Public Health hero.
   Also, today I gave the Keynote Address at the 4th Annual Harvard Medical School 
Student Conference in Boston on “HIV/AIDS:  Priorities for the Obama Administration”.  
Paul Farmer was there and we had a good time.  There were Panels for discussion and the 
students asked penetrating questions.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 194 ---
192
Jan. 24, 2009 – Attended with Chris the Lido Civic Club Gala at the Capitol Hilton on 
16th and K Streets, N.W.  Have been going to these black tie Award Galas for a few 
years.  It is where I met Gen. Peter Pace and Judge Sam Alito. Lido is an Italian 
American Civic Club with a long history in DC.  It started giving awards almost 100 
years ago to people like Fiorello LaGuardia, etc.  This year the awardees were Gen. Pace 
(former Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Deputy Mayor of DC Dan Tangherlini.  It 
was good to meet Dan since I will soon be dealing with him and DC Mayor Adrian Fenty 
to launch a “Test and Treat program for AID in DC (more later). Also at the party were 
Major Fenty’s mother and father.  She is an Italian-American and he is an African-
American.  Gen Pace is a truly nice man and accepted his award with a moving speech 
about his parents and grandparents and the men he served with in the marines from the 
time he was a rifle platoon leader in Viet Nam through Somalia, Iraq, Afghanistan, etc.  
Also seated at our table was an Army Sergeant (Joe Hauser) who had his right leg blown 
off in Balard, Iraq (where I had visited in 2003).  Paul Wolfowitz and his girlfriend Shaha 
Riza (World Bank) were also at our table.  Recall that there was a “social scandal” when 
Paul was head of the World Bank and had to leave because it was felt that he was 
showing favoritism to Shaha who was an employee and was also living with him. Paul 
and I reminisced about when we worked together on biodefense when he was Deputy 
Secretary at the Dept. of Defense.
Jan. 30, 2009 – Comment on the firing of Mark Dybul as head of OGAC (Office of 
Global AIDS Coordinator) .  It is a shame the way Mark was handled.  I am attaching a 
NY Times article covering this.  Mark is back in my office until his retirement.
NY Times article::
The abrupt departure of the State Department’s global AIDS coordinator has led to 
debate over who should run what may be President Bush’s greatest legacy: his 
commitment of billions of dollars to fighting AIDS overseas.
The position — U.S. Global AIDS Coordinator and director of the President’s 
Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, which is known as Pepfar — is a State Department 
post with ambassador’s rank that had been held by Dr. Mark R. Dybul, a Bush 
administration appointee. 
On Jan. 9, Dr. Dybul circulated a memo saying he had been asked by President Obama’s 
transition team to stay on the job temporarily. But on Jan. 22, one day after Hillary 
Clinton was confirmed as secretary of state, her staff announced that Dr. Dybul had 
resigned. 
No reason was given, but he was reported to have packed up his office and said an 
emotional goodbye to his staff that afternoon. Dr. Dybul did not return phone messages, 
but he has told friends that he does not even know on whose orders he was dismissed.
“He deserved better,” said a friend who asked not to be identified for fear of jeopardizing 
his government job. “He didn’t want to stay, but he was asked to.” 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 195 ---
193
The ambassador disburses Pepfar’s funds; Congress authorized $15 billion over five 
years in 2003, and the fund has since paid for AIDS drugs for about two million people, 
mostly in Africa. Last year, after a bitter fight between liberal and conservative 
lawmakers over what the money could be spent on, the fund was renewed as part of a law 
authorizing $48 billion over five years for combating AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria.
The question of who should run the program seems to be a legacy of that fight. Several 
names have been discussed as possible candidates, but AIDS activists say they know of 
no one who has been seriously vetted for the job by the Obama transition team since 
November.
A day after Dr. Dybul’s resignation, word began to circulate among AIDS activists that 
the job had been offered to Dr. Eric Goosby, the director of AIDS policy in Bill Clinton’s 
administration, who now runs a San Francisco foundation devoted to fighting AIDS.
According to a member of an anti-AIDS group speaking on the condition of anonymity, 
Senator John Kerry approached Mrs. Clinton, seeking the job for Dr. Jim Yong Kim, a 
Harvard medical school professor and former World Health Organization AIDS chief, 
and was told that she had offered it to Dr. Goosby. 
Through a spokesman, Dr. Goosby declined to confirm or deny that he had been offered 
the job, and Dr. Kim did not return phone calls seeking comment. Senator Kerry’s 
spokesman said he would not discuss the senator’s personal conversations with Mrs. 
Clinton. 
Both men had been discussed as possible candidates, along with Dr. Nils Daulaire, 
president of the Global Health Council; Dr. Wafaa El-Sadr, an epidemiologist at the 
Columbia School of Public Health; and Warren W. Buckingham III, Pepfar’s director in 
Kenya, who is openly gay and taking AIDS drugs himself. 
Dr. Daulaire declined to be interviewed, Dr. El-Sadr said she had not heard that her name 
was among those being discussed, and Mr. Buckingham said he knew his name had been 
suggested by others but had not lobbied for the job and had not been contacted by either 
the Obama or Clinton teams. 
The abruptness of Dr. Dybul’s departure and the secrecy of the process to replace him has 
upset some AIDS policy specialists. 
On Monday, a coalition of 68 anti-AIDS groups sent a letter to Mrs. Clinton asking her 
not to fill Mr. Dybul’s post immediately but to convene a committee to identify top 
candidates and get many viewpoints, including theirs.
One of its authors, Brian Hennessey of the Vineeta Foundation, expressed his irritation at 
how the request was ignored.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 196 ---
194
“Goosby is not bad,” he said. “There are plenty of people who want Goosby — but 
they’ll be damned if the job is filled this way. This isn’t the truth-in-advertising of the 
Obama campaign.”
Dr. Dybul’s departure was both celebrated and condemned.
Jodi Jacobson, a former head of the Center for Health and Gender Equity, which wants 
financing for all aspects of women’s reproductive health, including abortion, wrote a blog 
post titled “Dybul Out: Thank You Hillary!!!” It argued that he had worked too closely 
with the far right, and she accused him of lobbying to please the Roman Catholic Church 
by letting its relief groups opt out of distributing condoms.
Michael Gerson, a former Bush speechwriter and Washington Post columnist, shot back 
that “blogging extremists” like Ms. Jacobson had lied about Dr. Dybul’s record and that 
his firing had left an important program without a leader.
At the heart of the debate was the difficult bipartisan compromise behind Mr. Bush’s 
AIDS plan. It is the darling of two groups that normally oppose each other: foreign policy 
liberals who want to help Africa and evangelical Christians who support mission 
hospitals there.
Dr. Dybul was straddling some personal fences too: he was one of the Bush 
administration’s few openly gay officials, a doctor who had treated AIDS patients in San 
Francisco and Africa, and he had donated to Democratic causes. His only predecessor, 
Randall L. Tobias, a former pharmaceutical executive, was promoted within the State 
Department, then ousted in the D.C. Madam scandal after acknowledging he had received 
escort-service massages — a development that led to derision over the fund’s abstinence 
policies.
Mr. Tobias and Dr. Dybul surprised many with two early decisions that activists had 
expected fights over: Pepfar has paid for millions of condoms, and it buys cheap generic 
drugs from India, despite the pharmaceutical lobby’s opposition.
But conservatives in Congress imposed other restrictions: one-third of the money spent 
on prevention had to be used for teaching abstinence until marriage. Groups getting 
funds, including those helping prostitutes, had to sign a pledge condemning prostitution. 
And no money could be spent on clean needles for drug addicts.
These issues were divisive not just for liberals and conservatives, but also between 
liberals. For example, some feminists think women needing money have a right to engage 
in prostitution, while others oppose it, saying it contributes to human trafficking and child 
rape.
In separate studies, the Government Accountability Office and the Institute of Medicine 
both found that the abstinence earmark unnecessarily tied the hands of fund recipients, 
especially in countries where AIDS was concentrated among drug users and prostitutes.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 197 ---
195
Dr. Dybul defended the teaching of abstinence, especially to young children, because it 
can be effective among deeply religious rural Africans.
And he argued that countries could get funds for prohibited uses, like clean needles, from 
other donors like the Global Fund for AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria or European 
countries.
Although the restrictions have been criticized, no one has presented scientific evidence 
that they cost any lives.
And although there was grumbling in 2003 when the Bush administration created its own 
AIDS program rather than simply contributing to the Global Fund, Rajat Gupta, chairman 
of the Global Fund’s board, said Thursday in Davos that Pepfar was “one of the truly 
great contributions of the last administration.”
Jan. 30 – Feb. 20 – Stock market continues to crash with DOW in the 7500 range.  Thus 
far I have lost on paper more than $1 million of my wealth.
Tom Daschle had to drop out of running for the Secretary of HHS because of concern 
over unpaid taxes for private car and driver that was loaned to him for 3 years without 
charge by a friend.  He did not claim it as taxable income, which it is.  Also, he made $5 
million on influence peddling (access to people in government) since he stepped down as 
Senator.  Too bad since he is a very good person and would have made a great Secretary.  
I still think that I would fit for that job, but I really do not want to leave what I am doing 
and besides, no one in the administration has asked me.  They apparently only would 
want me for NIH Director and I do not want that at all.
Feb. 21, 2009- Had great time receiving the Science and Medicine Award at the 15th 
Annual Steve Chase Humanitarian Awards Gala at Palm Springs, CA sponsored by the 
Desert AIDS Project  It was an amazing and enjoyable glitzy affair at the Palm Springs 
Convention Center with Red Carpet arrival similar to the Academy Awards (which 
actually took place the next day (Sunday) in LA.   Star-studded Affair with Linda Gray 
(“Dallas TV Series), Donna Mills (Knots Landing) and Morgan Fairchild (old friend 
from AmFar days) MC’d the event.  Other Awardees were Bebe Neuwirth (Broadway 
star) and Kristin Chenoweth (Broadway Star) for Arts and Activism; Harriet Goldberg 
won the 100 Women Award; Bill Jones won the Partner for Life Award;  Barry Manilow 
won the Silver Anniversary Community Service Award.  He came with Suzanne Somers 
who was wonderful with me and had been following my career for years. She said that 
she knew all about me because she was a “doctor junky”.  She has written several book 
on Health for Women.  Best was Morgan Fairchild who made sure that I was introduced 
to everyone and also partook in my introduction on stage to receive the award. She really 
was wonderful and friendly.  The main introducer of me was Regan Hofmann (Editor of 
POZ Magazine).  She was beautiful and very nice.  Donna Mills seemed a bit artificial 
and had a forced smile, but everyone else was great.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 198 ---
196
March 4, 2009 – Over the past few weeks the stock market continues to plunge with no 
end in sight.  The Dow is now at 6500 down from 14,000 in Oct., 2007.  I have lost a 
SUBSTANTIAL portion of my savings including the money form HPIM, Prizes, etc. – 
well over $1 million.  The retrospectoscope is always right, but the fact is, I always had 
serious concerns about the vicissitudes of the market and always said that I would rather 
not lose money that try to make it since my salary + book + prizes get me a lot of money.  
John Katkish, who is a good man and conservative convinced me otherwise and here we 
are – trapped since we cannot sell now since the losses would be phenomenal.
On the evening of March 4, I attended the annual Friends of Cancer Awards night 
reception at the Hotel Monaco on 4th and F Street, N.W.  Ellen Sigal and Marlene Malek 
run this group and always invite me.  The awardees were Steny Hoyer, Sen, Judd Gregg, 
Lisa Paulsen of the Motion Picture Industry Foundation and Janet Woodcock of the FDA.  
Usual DC glitterati of politics there.  Steny was most gracious to me in accepting the 
award and went on about what a great man and scientist I am and how we go back so 
many years.  He brought up (again) the story of how George H. W. Bush called me his 
hero in the 1988 Presidential Debates.  Also, had good conversation with Sen. Gregg and 
told him that I respected his action of dropping out of contention for Secretary of 
Commerce since he felt he could not go along with the Obama fiscal policy for the 
“Bailout”.  During the evening, go to have good conversations with Obama White House 
people such as Dr. Kavita Patel who is assistant to Valerie Jarrett (closest person and 
friend to the POTUS) and Neerha Tandem who formerly was with Hillary Clinton and is 
now Special Assistant to the POTUS.  Both said that they would get me to do some WH 
briefings and briefings of the HHS Secretary designee – Gov. Kathleen Sibelius of 
Kansas, whom I have never met.  Zeke Emanuel was there and is establishing himself at 
OMB as the Health policy person since there are few other people who know about 
health.
March 5, 2009 – Zuckerman Fellows reception at the home of Beth and Ron Dozoretz – 
3005 – 45th Street, N.W. (around the corner from my house).  Clear, nice night.  Usual 
impressive event with Dave Gergon and Mort Zuckerman hosting the Fellows who are in 
town for the week to get a glimpse of how USG is run.  I will lecture to them tomorrow.  
Met the usual crew from DC and had nice conversations:  Tom Daschle – I expressed my 
sorrow at his misfortune of having to drop out of contention for HHS secretary.  Wolf 
Blitzer (CNN), Nora O’Donnell (MSNBC), Gloria Borger (CNN), former Sec. Dan 
Glickman, Gen. George Casey, Ambassador from Israel, etc.  The young people there 
was amazing:  wounded vets of the Iraq war now going to Harvard Business School; 
Physicians studying economics, health people in government schools.  You feel good 
about USA when you see these people.
March 7, 2009 – Very interesting dinner at Café Milano thrown by Catherine and Wayne 
Reynolds for about 10 – 12 couples in the private room.  Unseasonably warm (70 F) and 
clear (stars and moon) night.  Guests include Gen. George and Sheila Casey (Army 
Chief-of-Staff). I sat between him and Marlene Malek (who was there with husband 
Fred).  Also in attendance: Don Graham and Dana Priest (Washington Post); Beth and 
Ron Dozoretz; Francis Collins; Rick Atkinson (War Historian and best-selling author); 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 199 ---
197
Sen. Ted and Kathy Stevens; Jim Wolfensohn stopped in; Margaret Spellings (Former 
Sec. of Education); Joe Aldrich(?); and others whom I forget.  Had Calamari, focaccio, 
Salad, Spaghetti and truffles, Chilean Sea Bass, chocolate soufflé, Jordan Chardonnay 
wine.  Very lively discussion orchestrated by Catherine Reynolds.  Francis Collins and I 
were asked to comment on Stem Cells - Pres. Obama has just announced that he is 
removing the ban on stem cell research on Monday by executive order. Chris also spoke 
on the ethics of the situation.  I also spoke about the responsibility for Global Health.  I 
also commented about the dire HIV/AIDS situation and the health care problems in the 
country and particularly with AIDS in Washington. They asked Gen. Casey to comment 
on Iraq and Afghanistan.  Casey felt that we should have gone into Iraq and that we can 
be successful.  He did not get much sympathy from the others, including me.  When 
asked what “success” was, he commented on an Iraq or Afghanistan type democracy with 
order in a central government.  Others, particularly Rick Atkinson, pointed out that a few 
thousand years of history would argue against this since there cannot be a “central 
government” democracy in Iraq or Afghanistan.  Sen. Stevens’ comments were to the 
right of Attila the Hun and frankly quite naïve – he stated that Arabs are trying to take 
over the world by immigration in Europe and the USA (Oy!). Margaret Spellings spoke 
about the issue of education in this country and Jim Wolfensohn commented on the 
terrible situation of the economy.  Jim said that the bailout to the banks was a failure 
since the banks did not use the money to lend; they used it to consolidate and pay 
dividends, which he feels is a waste of billions.
March 13, 2009 – Had fun day.  Flew to NYC to participate in a “Science Rock Stars” 
photo shoot at the MILK Studios in the Meatpacking District of NYC – 450 – West 15th 
Street between 9th and 10th Avenue.  The idea was thought up by Meryl Comer (wife of 
Harvey Gralnick, an old NIH friend who several years ago developed Alzheimer’s 
Disease (AD).  Meryl has become an activist for AD and as an aside in association with 
her connections at GQ Magazine and Geoffrey Beene Clothing, she arranged for an issue 
of GQ that matches real rock stars with “scientific stars” to draw attention of young 
people to science.  I was involved as was Harold Varmus, Francis Collins and others.  
They matched us up with a rock star and took 1000s of pictures for a spread in the June 
issue of GQ.  Harold Varmus and I were matched up with Sheryl Crow.  She was terrific.  
The Geoffrey Beene people outfitted me in a great suit and then the fashion editor for GQ 
(Mike Nash) decided that he wanted a “hip” look for me so he opened my tie and shirt 
button, got rid of my jacket and replaced my dress shoes with sneakers.  It was very cool. 
I met and spoke with Wil I Am.  Steve Tyler and Joe Perry from Aerosmith Band were 
supposed to shoot with me also, but the timing was off.  All in all it was a lot of fun. 
March 14, 2009 – Flew to San Francisco to attend and speak at the Memorial Service for 
Martin Delaney, my dear activist friend and Founding Director of Project Inform, one of 
the best and most prominent AIDS Activist Organizations  devoted to hastening FDA 
approvals for HIV drugs where appropriate and educating people about HIV, particularly 
the at risk population.  Met Marty in 1985 and we have a long and deep history.  I will 
attach 2 document for this history: 1) my eulogy for Marty and 2) an e-mail exchange 
between me and Brenda Lein, Marty’s co-worker and dear friend.  Marty was not HIV-
infected.  He was a gay man who contracted Hepatitis B and then went on to cirrhosis and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 200 ---
198
died in Jan., 2009 of hep. B/Cirrhosis-related hepatoma.  I was very involved with Brenda 
in his terminal care and attempts to get him a liver transplant – it was too late for the 
latter.
    It was an cloudy, cool and damp day in SF.  The ceremony was held in the Eureka 
Community Center at 100 Collingwood, around the corner from the hub of the Castro 
District – 18th Street and Castro.  Big time déjà vu as I walked the streets of the Castro 
since I got there a bit early (ceremony at 4:30 PM).  I had flown in from DC in the AM 
and took the red-eye back to DC that night.  The streets of the Castro were crowded with 
people bustling around.  The usual crowd plus the fact that it was St. Patrick’s Day and 
the parade had just ended.  I recall back in the mid-80s when I visited the Castro several 
times.  It looked like the “walking dead” were in the street.  So many cachectic people.  
Today, everyone looks healthy, but the typical protease inhibitor and other drug “facies” 
were evident with lose of facial fat pads..  You could tell that such a substantial 
proportion of the people were infected, but now, in contrast to the 80s, they were doing 
very well on drugs.  Gave me a bittersweet feeling of how much we had accomplished 
over these 27.5 years.  The ceremony went well – packed with people from the Castro 
who were so happy that I was there.  I was the only government or health official there – 
a shame since he was such a great man and contributed so much.
Fauci Eulogy for Martin Delaney
Eulogy for Martin Delaney
by
Anthony S. Fauci, M.D.
Director
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
National Institutes of Health
March 14, 2009
San Francisco, CA
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 201 ---
199
Ladies and Gentlemen, friends of Marty Delaney,  
I feel extremely honored and privileged to be here to celebrate the life of Marty 
Delaney and to have been asked to express a few brief reflections about Marty and his 
extraordinary work on behalf of people with and at risk for HIV/AIDS.  I knew Marty 
Delaney for 24 years.  I first heard about him in early 1985 through some of my staff and 
HIV researchers who were actually quite intimidated by him, mostly because he was, as 
they said, ”making trouble for them” regarding the design of clinical trials. He certainly 
was a big-time headache for the FDA.  Actually, the problem for them was that Marty 
was so smart, articulate and well-informed to the point that he knew more about 
HIV/AIDS and the complexities of treatment access, patient education, and a sound 
research agenda than some of them did.  As they soon found out, he was correct most of 
the time.  
Now, confrontational and theatrical activism certainly has its place and has been 
very effective in calling attention to important problems, notably HIV/AIDS.  But 
Marty’s brand of AIDS activism was somewhat different.  As I recently described him,   
he was analytical, well-informed, passionate, articulate, persistent, tough-minded, 
gracious, transparent, fair, and above all a thoroughly decent human being. He did not 
confront just for the sake of confrontation.   I became very interested in learning more 
about this person whom I had not yet met. And so I began to read what he had written 
and I examined press reports about him and what he was doing in San Francisco and 
throughout the country. Furthermore, when I found out that he was formerly a Jesuit 
Seminarian, I decided I absolutely had to meet him personally since for better or worse I 
had experienced 8 years of Jesuit education in high school and college. And so I 
imagnied that we might have a lot in common
He beat me to the punch me by calling me up and saying that we needed to get 
together to talk about patient access to experimental drugs within the context of highly 
restrictive clinical trials.  Although he was well-aware that I was not with the FDA, he 
wanted my support in confronting the FDA about accelerated approval of drugs for HIV 
and its opportunistic complications. We soon met and began one of the most 
extraordinary relationships that I have ever had with a colleague and a peer. When we 
both realized that we were fighting for the same thing, but we were just wearing different 
uniforms, we developed a respect for one another that gradually morphed into a genuine 
friendship that got stronger as the years went by.  He never hesitated when he felt it 
necessary and appropriate to nudge me, critique me, advise me, scold me, and point out 
things that were not yet on my radar screen.  He was an extraordinary source of 
information regarding the community needs:  Where was the pain? Where was the 
anxiety? When was the time right to get out into the trenches and talk to specific people?  
It was in this context that our collaboration was born, specifically in my speaking 
publicly for the Parallel Track program despite the resistance on the part of the FDA and 
many AIDS clinical researchers.  Other activists, including Jim Eigo and his colleagues at 
ACT-UP in New York, also were pushing for a parallel track of accessibility for drugs in 
clinical trial.  However, it was Marty who pleaded with me -- successfully -- to come to 
San Francisco and see firsthand patients from the Castro who were suffering physically 
and psychologically more than they should have been because the doors of access to 
drugs were shut to them.  He then arranged the Town Hall meeting where I was to speak  
and as I was getting ready to go out on stage, he looked me in the eye and said, “Tony, do 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 202 ---
200
it; please do it”.  He already had convinced me earlier in the day and so I did it, the New 
York Times reported it; Washington and the FDA relented and we had parallel track. I 
received credit for that, but it was pure Marty Delaney.  That is just one of many stories 
and accomplishments in Marty’s legacy.
As things got a bit calmer over the years, Marty accomplishments did not 
diminish.  He made extraordinary contributions in helping to frame the HIV research 
agenda.  He was a member of the NIAID AIDS Research Advisory Committee from 
1991 to 1995 and served on NIAID’s Advisory Council from 1995 to 1998, and well as 
on many other official advisory committees.  But, it was not just the official advice that I 
treasured, it was the phone calls at home at 8:30 PM San Francisco time and 11:30 PM 
DC time opening with the comment” “I knew that you would be awake and so can you 
talk?”  In a 20 minute call I would learn more about what was going on in the trenches --
and what he thought I should be doing -- than if I had 5 official briefings. 
As I was preparing my remarks for this Memorial, I reflected that it is difficult to 
conceive of the struggle against HIV/AIDS without the presence of Marty Delaney.  But 
then again, I quickly realized that this struggle against HIV/AIDS will always have Marty 
Delaney.  For Marty left for us by his leadership and example a unique spirit, a fierce 
integrity, and a commitment to activism that does not die with physical death.  He has left 
something of himself with all of us.  When I presented Marty with the NIAID Director’s 
Special recognition Award a few weeks before he passed, I called him a Public Health 
Hero. Indeed, he always will be a hero to me and I will miss him dearly.
E-mail exchange with Brenda Lein 
Immediately below is e-mail that Jenny sent to me after my e-mail to my family on Mar. 
17 at 8:18 AM:
Wow. That is really wonderful dad. What a special friend you are and he was. 
I'm sorry about what happened. 
 
On Tue, Mar 17, 2009 at 8:18 AM, Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<
AFAUCI@niaid.nih.gov> wrote:
Guys:
   You must read this e-mail that Brenda Lein sent to me right after I returned from San Francisco 
where I attended Marty Delaney’s memorial service.  For those of you who do not know, Marty 
Delaney was one of the first and arguably (together with Larry Kramer) the greatest of the AIDS 
activists.  His style was completely different from Larry’s.  He was well-informed, analytical, 
passionate, extremely articulate, persistent, tough, gracious, fair, and above all a thoroughly 
decent human being. He was based in the Castro District of San Francisco and he influenced me 
more than any other activist.  He trained for 6 years in a Jesuit seminary before he realized that 
he was gay and needed to do something else.  He became a business man and then when AIDS 
came along, he started Project Inform in 1985, the first and best organization advocating for 
treatment access and educating the public about HIV/AIDS.  At first he confronted me about 
government policy, but he did so with respect and outreach.  He was almost always right and 
always ahead of the curve. Over the years, he and I became very close friends.  Brenda Lein 
joined Project Inform when she was a teenager and became Marty’s disciple.  I remember her as 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 203 ---
201
a “punk rock” person with a Mohawk haircut, black jeans, combat boots, many pierces, etc. I 
could not tell if she was gay, bisexual or straight.  It obviously did not matter; she was (as is) 
beautiful and amazingly competent.   Over the years, she grew into one of the main players in 
Project Inform, a mature woman, and the mother of a beautiful little girl.  Marty was not HIV-
infected, but he got hepatitis B and advanced to liver cirrhosis, which led to his getting and dying 
from liver cancer.  Brenda took care of him until the day he died.  I just thought that you would be 
touched by her e-mail to me.
Love,
Dad
 
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain 
sensitive information.  It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended 
recipient.  If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it 
from your mailbox or any other storage devices.  The National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the 
sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.  
From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
Sent: Tuesday, March 17, 2009 7:58 AM
To: 'Zuzu'
Subject: RE: Favor
 
Brenda:
   Thank you so much for your beautiful, beautiful e-mail. I appreciate your sharing those private 
thoughts and feelings with me.  I will cherish it among my mementos of the history that we have 
lived together.
Warm regards,
Tony
 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 204 ---
202
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain 
sensitive information.  It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended 
recipient.  If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it 
from your mailbox or any other storage devices.  The National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the 
sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.  
From: Zuzu [mailto:zuzu77@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, March 17, 2009 1:07 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Re: Favor
 
And on a completely unrelated note, Martin was so proud of the friendship he had with 
you.  I spoke at his retirement event and I wanted to make sure I mentioned things that 
were important to him, so I sat down and talked to him about what he felt was most 
important and what he was most proud of.  He started by speaking generally, about the 
quality of relationships he was able to build in different sectors - he was proud that 
people would come to him seeking advice and equally proud that he would give it, 
honestly, even when it was unpopular.  But after a few minutes, he settled down to say he 
was most proud of the relationship and the friendship that he'd built with you over these 
years.  
I mentioned briefly in my remarks that Martin stole my partner, Ed, for Sci Fi night every 
Friday.  I, however, was persona non grata because I wouldn't agree not to talk through 
the programming.  Ed said, however, "the only exception is when Tony called, then he'd 
pause the program for upwards of a half hour and I'm glad I had my iPhone."  There was 
a place for you in his life that took precedent over nearly everything.  
I know how present you were for him and when he had moments of clarity in those final 
days I would tell him I was consulting with you, that you were speaking to his doctor, 
etc., and he would smile and I know he felt like you were present with him and I know he 
felt well attended to.  I know he felt the presence of your friendship.
Martin's death is an unspeakable loss for me.  He has been family to me and it breaks my 
heart that my daughter will only know him through the stories that we tell and not the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 205 ---
203
gestures of the way our lives intersect.  Holidays won't be the same.  I will miss our 
walks, going to movies, having dinner, going to lunch... I will miss the projects we would 
have launched and the fun we would have had and I will even miss how frustrated I 
would get with him because of his stubborness.  He could be terribly stubborn in the most 
irrational ways.
He had seven vaccuum cleaners and there was little evidence he used any of them.  He 
had a garage full of car cleaning products, many (most) duplicates, and he paid to have 
his car detailed.  They were all unopened.  (He said he "liked" buying them.. just in 
case...)  When we had dinner at his house, he'd create and re-create the recipes several 
times before the actual evening and everything was perfect - he loved to cook.  He would 
say (often) that there was more evidence and likelihood) of alien life than the existance of 
God - he was staunchly aetheist despite his sister's protestations.  And he adored his sister 
(though he specifically noted he wanted a non-religious service in San Francisco and for 
the life of her she wasn't able to honor that... but I think he knew she couldn't and on 
some level he'd be okay with that.)  I would get more emails each week about alien 
technology than I would about HIV/AIDS in recent years.  There is nothing he would 
want more than to be rocket launched into space with Gene Roddenberry and his wife... 
It's all the little, seemingly inconsequential things, that I'll miss... anyways.
-Brenda
On Mon, Mar 16, 2009 at 9:28 PM, Zuzu <zuzu77@gmail.com> wrote:
Tony,
Yes, March 21, sorry I mis-spoke.   It was good to see you too, though I'm sorry it was 
under these circumstance and also sorry it was so brief.  I hope your travels home were 
swift and otherwise uneventful.  
Your advice is sage, as always.  I'll have Dan's Heath Care Agent speak with his 
physician.
Thanks again,
Brenda
 
On Mon, Mar 16, 2009 at 3:00 PM, Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<
AFAUCI@niaid.nih.gov> wrote:
Brenda:
    It was good to see you at Marty’s Memorial.  With regard to Dan Cusik’s case, I assume you 
mean that the UCSF transplant committee will discuss the case on March 21 (not February 21 – 
in other words, they still have not decided).  Having said that, it might be best if the committee 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 206 ---
204
solicits my opinion about the risk of exacerbation of PML associated with immune suppression for 
prevention of transplant rejection.  It might seem presumptuous for me to pre-emptively call 
them.  If Dan’s private physician could suggest to them that I would be happy to discuss this issue 
with them, this would be fine.  Then it would be up to them to decide if they are interested in my 
opinion.  My expeerience has been that if you impose yourself on people, they get offended and 
clearly ignore you.
Best regards,
Tony
 
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
The information in this e-mail and any of its attachments is confidential and may contain 
sensitive information.  It should not be used by anyone who is not the original intended 
recipient.  If you have received this e-mail in error please inform the sender and delete it 
from your mailbox or any other storage devices.  The National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases (NIAID) shall not accept liability for any statements made that are the 
sender's own and not expressly made on behalf of the NIAID by one of its representatives.  
From: Zuzu [mailto:zuzu77@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, March 16, 2009 12:35 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Favor
 
Tony - 
Dan Cusick's case is being heard by the UCSF transplant committee on February 
21st.  Other than Dan's history of PML (diagnosed in early '96, went on potent, high dose 
combination ARV therapy, quadruple dose saquinavir (early version, not terribly 
bioavailable), 1200 mg AZT, double dose 3TC and something else, I can't remember - 
PML went into remission and has remained in remission since then.  His CD4+ cell count 
never dropped below 400) he is eligible for transplantation.  He responded well to RFA 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 207 ---
205
(they say his lesions, 'disappeared'), but I understand that there might be growth of a new 
lesion.  But again, from my understanding, he's still eligible for transplantation (other 
than the prior history of PML) and has a MELD score of 17.  
At any rate, I think the issues before the transplant committee are a few .. 1) protocol 
exception (for the HIV transplant project), 2) off protocol transplant and 3) do they want 
to potentially "waste" a liver on someone who could, theoretically, have rapid PML 
progression and die shortly after transplantation.  The case of PML progression following 
transplantation that I'm aware of was in a person without a prior history of PML.. why 
this person developed PML and progressed when nearly everyone has the JC virus is 
unknown, of course.  Dan's PML has been resolved for 10+ years.  I know arguing that 
last point is the challenge, but any way(s) that you could weigh in on this would be 
valued greatly.  Let me know if you have ideas.
Thank you!
-Brenda
 
 Mar. 14 – April 7, 2009 – Incredible activity in the Administration in trying to revitalize 
the economy with bailouts and takeovers of companies such as GM, AIG, etc.  Stack 
Market still volatile, but seems to have settled between 7000 and 8000 down from 14,000 
in Oct. 2007.
Mar. 8, 2009 – Had my first entry into interactions with the new Administration. 
Background is that there have been recent reports of the terrible situation in Washington, 
D.C. regarding prevalence of HIV/AIDS with 3% of the population infected and 6.5% of 
black men.  This is worse than 22 countries in sub-Saharan Africa. We at NIAID and 
NIH (Fauci, Dieffenbach, and Henry Masur) have been putting together a collaborative 
program with DC Department of Health (Shannon Hader) to address this issue with a 
combined research-care program that also involves the recently promoted “test and treat” 
concept.  This model (appeared in Lancet on Nov. 27, 2008) suggests that if you test 
everyone 1X per year and treat people immediately regardless of their CD4+ T cell count 
or viral load, you could decrease the level of virus in the community so that you could 
conceivably get the Ro to <1, which would in essence shut off the AIDS epidemic.  Such 
a concept would require the answering of questions of safety, efficacy, adherence, access 
to people for testing, benefit to individual versus community, cost effectiveness, etc.  We 
could help to district by making this “test and treat” research agenda a part of our 
collaborative effort with the District.  While this is going on, Zeke Emanuel is now 
detailed to OMB as an assistant to OMB Director Peter Orzag to handle health related 
issues.  Zeke heard about the initiative and feels that it would be a good idea to get the 
WH and the POTUS involved in an announcement of such a program for the District.  
Thus, I was called down to the OMB in Room 263 in EEOB to present the program. Zeke 
was present as was Jeff Crowley, the new WH AIDS Coordinator and Director of the 
Office of National AIDS Policy.  Connected by phone was Jenny Backus (HHS Public 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 208 ---
206
Affairs Director), Dora Hughes (General Counsel to the Secretary, HHS),  Nick ?.   I 
presented the proposal and they asked good questions and were very excited about it.  We 
will proceed with rolling it out after nailing down a few details.
   While at the EEOB, I ran into Peter Orzag who greeted me as if we were friends.  He 
clearly knew who I was from seeing me down the hall.  Good news that this WH at least 
is up on what is going on in AIDS and health in general.  Let us see how things evolve.
April 16, 2009 – My Op-Ed on “Policy Cocktail for HIV” appeared in Washington Post.  
Got many nice comments.  I am starting to get on the radar screen of the Obama people.
April 17-18, 2009 – First cases of an “untypeable”influenza noticed in California and 
identified by CDC as a swine influenza of H1N1 type.
April 21, 2009 – Had lunch at the Oval Room across from Lafayette Park with Michael 
Gerson (Washington Post, Council of Foreign relations) to catch up on some of the 
projects that I am involved in re; Global Health issues.  Mike was very influential in 
helping me during the Bush 43 years with PEPFAR and the President’s Malaria Initiative.  
I told him about my pushing for PrEP, Test and Treat, and Eradication of HIV (my new 
“Big Three” for control of HIV).  Nice time at lunch.  He is a very, very sharp guy and 
we have become good friends over the years – recall he invited me to private dinner with 
George and Laura Bush at his home last year.  I had turkey Club; Mike had asparagus 
soup.  Whether was sunny with threatening rain.
April 23-24, 2009 – First days of public awareness of the “swine flu” pandemic with the 
“quadruple reassortant H1N1 influenza A.  Around the clock conference calls and 
meetings.  In “battle mode” at HHS.  I am handling everything for NIH, but there is 
something strange regarding relationship with HHS (see below re: Jenny Backus.)
April 25-27, 2009 – Intense weekend with the potential pandemic evolving.  Started in 
Mexico and now person-to-person spread evolving in USA.  At first only in TX and CA 
and now beginning to spread throughout USA in small numbers that are growing.  
Unclear why disease seems to be more severe in Mexico than in USA.  Likely due to 
larger undetected denominator in Mexico for some time and we are only seeing the 
severe cases, whereas in USA with better surveillance, we see more mild cases.  Also 
spreading to Europe with several countries reporting cases, almost all related to trips to 
Mexico or contact with people with Mexico exposure.
April 28, 2009 – Testified with Rich Besser (CDC) at Senate Committee on 
Appropriations, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and 
related Agencies with Tom Harkin as Chair.  Went well.  Great praise for me by Senators 
despite the fact that the Department is only letting Rich Besser and CDC out on TV or 
any media.
April 29, 2009 – Testified with Anne Schuchat (CDC) at the Senate HELP Committee 
with Sherrod Brown as Chair.  Again, great praise for me for being there during crises 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 209 ---
207
such as AIDS, SARS, Anthrax, and bird flu by Sen. Mikulski, Brown, Chris Dodd, etc.  
hearing went very well.
April 30, 2009 – Real problems with the HHS public affairs people – Jenny Backus.  It is 
clear that I am being muzzled to speak to any major Press.  Reasons unclear (see above).  
Big issue today in that on the NBC Today Show, which Jenny reluctantly agreed to put 
me on, the VP was quoted as saying that he would not want his family to go to any 
crowded places like riding on a subway, in an airplane or in a crowded arena because of 
the danger of people coughing on them and giving them the flu.  I was on next and said 
calmly that this is not the CDC Public Health policy and calmed the waters, etc.  Jenny 
had tried to have me call her 1 minute before I was on the air, but I did not see her e-mail.  
After the show (in which everyone said I did a great job) we connected by phone and she 
critiqued my answer to a question about the WHO increasing the phase of the potential 
pandemic from 4 to 5 and asked me if I thought that it would go to 6.  I said that based on 
what the WHO was saying and the evolving nature of the epidemic, I would not be 
surprised if they did boost it to 6.  Jenny said I should not be making policy ahead of the 
CDC and WHO – give me a break!.  In any event, FOX National News wanted me today 
and the subject of interview would surely be the VP’s misstatement.  Surprisingly, Jenny 
approved it and she said I should change the subject when they ask about the VP.  She 
sent me a statement from the VP’s office saying that when the VP was asked what he 
would tell a family member if they planned a trip to Mexico, he would say not to fly and 
that I should refer the press to his statement.  The statement is a flat-out lie and they 
wanted me to explain what the VP meant.  I decided not to go on FOX and get caught in 
that nonsense.  Jenny is blocking me on all of the networks and cable shows that are good 
and allowing me to do very little and so I am reaching the point where I do not want to be 
involved with them.
April 30 – May 3, 2009 – Continued evolution of epidemic/pandemic with continued 
real issues with Jenny Backus and me.  She refuses to let me on TV and even yanked me 
at last minute after agreeing that I would do Good Morning America today.  I got to 
studio and found out that overnight, she had substituted Rich Besser for me.  The ABC 
producers were horrified and apologetic.  Also, Wolf Blitzer, Lou Dobbs, Bob Bazell and 
others are getting pissed that they are not allowed to interview me.  Even David Gregory 
noted that it is surprising that I am not being seen on TV at all.
May 4-5, 2009 – Epidemic seems to be stabilizing and looking like a classical seasonal 
flu , but out of season.  Big issue is will it go underground over the summer and then re-
emerge with a vengeance next Fall and Winter just like in 1918.
May 6, 2009 – Testified before House Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on 
Africa and Global Health with Anne Schuchat and a USAID person.
May 6 – 16, 2009 – It is apparent that the epidemic is “stabilizing’ in that it is looking 
like a typical seasonal flu, only out of season in the Northern Hemisphere.  Only 
exception is Mexico, where the apparent severity is not explained compared to the rest of 
the world.  It still could be an issue of the “denominator, i.e. there may be very many 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 210 ---
208
undetected mild cases in Mexico and so we are only seeing the severe cases and are 
assuming that the disease is more sever in Mexico.  As of May 15, there have been 4714 
confirmed and probable case in the USA in 46 states with 173 hospitalizations and 5 
deaths.   Internationally, there have been 7520 confirmed cases in 34 countries.  Clearly 
this is different from the “swine flu” situation in 1976 where the virus infected 230 
soldiers in Fort Dix, NJ with one death, but the infection never spread outside of Fort 
Dix.  This has important implications  in the intense planning that is going on in HHS 
regarding the production and administration of a vaccine.  I am part of the “vaccine team” 
at HHS made up of Bruce Gellin, Robin Robinson of HHS’s BARDA, me, Jesse 
Goodman and Josh Scharfstein of FDA with input from CDC (Rich Besser et al.).  We 
are being very careful to uncouple the decisions about going ahead to produce the vaccine 
for administration next Fall and Winter from the decision to actually administer the 
vaccine next Fall and Winter.  We will have to observe what the virus does this summer 
here and in the Southern Hemisphere (their winter flu season).  This drama is eerily 
unfolding like the situation in 1976.
   Thomas Frieden, Commissioner of NYC Dept. of Health,  announced as Obama choice 
for CDC Director.  Interesting in that many people thought that the choice would be Rich 
Besser because of the amazing public exposure he was getting, and the very nice job he 
did,  during the flu crisis (every major network every day).  Just goes to show you – sic 
transit glory or welcome to Washington!
May 27, 2009 – Went to Sons of Italy Awards Gala at the National Building Museum.  
Sat next to VP Joe Biden and his granddaughter Naomi who goes to Sidwell Friends.  
Also at table was his wife Jill (whose father is a Sicilian).  Had nice conversations over 
the evening with the VP – very amiable person with whom I have interacted several times 
in the past re: anthrax, AIDS, SARS bird flu, etc.  He was very complimentary to me 
during his speech.  He received the NELA Award for Leadership and Achievement in 
Public Service (I received the NELA award for science in 1992).  NELA = National 
Education Leadership Award.  
May 28 – June 2, 2009 – Continued activity working with HHS on flu preparedness.  
Little press associated with this and Jenny Backus has not been heard from for weeks 
since the press stuff has calmed down.  Tom Freiden has been appointed as CDC Director 
and so Richard Besser is completely out of the picture.  He did a good job, but see above 
regarding Jenny Backus.  It is too bad, but my experience with Backus has seriously 
soured me on HHS and everyone there. They seem to have no idea who I am and 
certainly do not treat me with the reverence and respect that all other HHS people have 
for the past 25 years.  I do not think that Sebelius even knows my history and who I am.
June 3-4, 2009 – Received honorary Doctorate of Science at Harvard University in 
Cambridge, MA.  Wonderful honor.  Other awardees were Steven Chu (Secretary of 
Energy and the Commencement Speaker), Pedro Almodovar (Famous Spanish 
filmmaker), author Joan Didion, religious historian Wendy Doniger, legal philosopher 
Ronald Dworkin, anthropologist Sarah Hrdy, engineer Robert Langer, musician Wynton 
Marsalis, and political scientist Sidney Verba.  The night before the ceremonies (June 3) 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 211 ---
209
we had a festive banquet in Annenberg Hall.  I remember when Chris and I first delivered 
Jenny to Harvard for her 1st year, we walked through Annenberg Hall.  It looks like the 
great hall from Harry Potter books.
June 16-17, 2009 – Gave Keynote Address at the Pacific Health Summit in Seattle on TB 
research.  It went over extremely well. Many people said that the talk was “historic” and 
“transforming”.  I gave a passionate plea for pushing research on TB into the 21st Century 
and making it transforming and not just incremental.  Patty Conrad came with me to 
Seattle to help out with the press and she enjoyed the trip greatly.  Her first trip with me 
in 2 years since she began working at NIAID.
June 22, 2009 – Back to the West Wing of the White House for the first time since the 
Obama Administration began.  Met in the Situation Room in meeting jointly run by 
Laura Petrou (COS for Sec. Sebelius) and Heidi Avery (HSC) to discuss planning for 
response (vaccine program) to H1N1 Swine flu.
June 30, 2009 – Had an interesting day of H1N1 flu “stuff”.  Harvey Fineberg and I 
constituted a panel that discussed the lesson of the Swine Flu affair in 1976 and its 
relationship to what is going on today with the swine H1N1 2009.  Sponsored by CSIS 
(Center for Strategic and International Studies) and Kaiser with Steve Morrison and 
Jennifer Kates presiding.  Held in Room B339 in Rayburn Building.  Standing room only 
crowd.  Went quite well.
   Later in the afternoon, went to the Roosevelt Room of the White House to have a 
similar discussion of lessons learned from 1976. Present were John Brennan (HSC), Sec. 
Sebelius – (finally got a chance to chat with her and she congratulated me on my 
honorary doctorate from Harvard a few weeks ago,  Apparently, she was in the audience 
at Commencement since her son graduated from the Business School); Jane Lute (Deputy 
Sec. – DHS), Arne Duncan (Sec. Educ.), Peggy Hamburg (FDA), Ann Schuchat (CDC), 
David Senser (former director of CDC who was fired in 1977), Harvey Fineberg, David 
Matthews (Sec. HEW during 1976), David Hamburg, Walter Dowdle (old friend from 
CDC), Peter Orszag (Director, OMB).  President Obama joined the group for about 30 
minutes.  He clearly recognized me and greeted me warmly. The entire discussion went 
from 3:30 to 5:10 PM.  Warm, humid summer day in DC
July 2, 2009 – Another flu panel, this time at the AAAS at 12th and H Street, N.W.  
Chaired by Harvey Fineberg.  Other panelists were Anne Schuchat, Ken Bernard and Ken 
Cole (US Navy).  Good crowd, good discussion.  War DC Summer day. Took taxi back 
to NIH because of horrific delays on Metro’s Red Line related to tragic crash that 
occurred last week where 9 people died.
July 9, 2009 – Participated as a major speaker at the “Flu Summit” held at NIH run by 
HHS.  Speakers were Sec. Sebelius, Janet Napolitano, Arne Duncan (Education), John 
Brennan (HSC).  Pres. Obama called in from the G-8 conference in L’Aquila, Italy with a 
“Buon Giorno”.  Much press at the conference.  Still much activity going on.  Weather 
has been spectacular for July here in DC – very unusual – no humidity – cool in the AM.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 212 ---
210
July 10, 2009 – Important meeting at the Pooks Hill Marriott to discuss the 
transformation of our AIDS clinical trials network into a network that would be 
“pluripotential” in that we would study a host of other diseases within the infrastructure, 
i.e. TB, malaria, NTDs, flu, etc.  There is obviously some resistance to this, but it is the 
way to go.  
     Getting prepared for trip on July 16 – 22 to Cape Town for the IAS meeting where I 
have several speaking roles (see below).
July 14, 2009 – Senator Carl Levin called me to ask my advice about the qualifications 
and temperament of Tara O’Toole who has been nominated by Pres. Obama as an 
Assistant Secretary in the Dept. of Homeland Security.  He is Chair of the Senate 
Homeland Security Committee responsible for approving her nomination. He has heard 
concerns that she is somewhat of a zealot for Biodefense.  I explained that I knew her and 
that although she is a bit out there in thinking that there is Al Qaeda is every corner, she 
still is quite competent and I would recommend that he approve her.
July 15, 2009 – Went with Patty Conrad to the book signing of D.A. Henderson’s book 
on the history of smallpox eradication sponsored by Tommy Thompson of Aikin Gump 
(his law firm).  Tommy was very moved that I was there and introduced me when I came 
in as “the person who discovered the AIDS virus” (ha!).  When I corrected him he said, 
“Well, Tony is the world’s greatest scientist”.  Nice party.  Some of Tommy’s old crew 
was there:  Stewart Simonson, Kevin Keane, Bill Pierce, Ladd Wiley, etc.  Patty and I 
went out to dinner at McCormick and Schmick’s on 19th Street afterwards.
July 16 -  21, 2009   Trip to Cape Town, South Africa to the International AIDS Society 
(IAS) Conference on Pathogenesis, treatment and Prevention held at the Cape Town 
Convention Center from Sunday, Sept. 19 to Wed, Sept 22.  I left USA on Thursday, July 
16 and arrived in Cape Town on Friday evening.  Came DC with fuel stop at Dakar, then 
to Johannesburg and on to cape Town.  Exhausting 20 hour trip.  Stayed at Cullinan Hotel 
(Southern Sun)
On Saturday AM, July 18 gave the Keynote Address at the HIV/TB research Meeting at 
the Desmond Tutu HIV Center  of the University of cape Town.  Lecture extremely well 
received.  I spoke of the same critical needs for TB (together with HIV) research that I 
spoke about a few weeks before at the Pacific Health Summit in Seattle.   
During the afternoon of July 18 drove down to Cape Point with Gray Handley.  Clearly 
Cape Town and the Western Cape is one of the most beautiful cities/areas in the world.  It 
look so much like the California coast from San Francisco down to Monterrey/Carmel.  
Weather was stunningly beautiful with crisp clear skies and temperatures about 65-70.  
This is most unusual at this time of years since this is SA’s winter.
In the evening of July 18, met with Julio Montaner (Pres. IAS) and co-chair of meeting 
and Craig Mc Clure (Exec. Director of IAS) and Robin Gorna upcoming President of IAS 
to discuss the possibility of holding the 2012 IAS meeting in Washington, D.C.  They 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 213 ---
211
know that I am pushing to have the immigration ban lifted in time to make the decision to 
have the meeting in DC.  The ban has been lifted by law and is now in public comment 
for final lifting by HHS.  Also, they wanted me to help get Michelle Obama or the 
POTUS to open the meeting in 2012.
Night of July 18, went to terrific dinner at a vineyard (Stillness Manor) hosted in my 
honor by Linda-Gail Bekker.  Linda Gail turned out to be fantastic as a major player in 
the Cape Town (and all of SA) AIDS clinical trials network that NIAID supports.  Met 
with many South Africans to whom I told the story of PEPFAR.  Only a few of them 
actually knew how it started:  John Hargrove, Robin Wood (Linda-Gail’s husband), Brian 
Williams, Brian Brink, Des Martin, among others.
Sunday, July 19,  took tour of Robben Island with Gray Handley.  It was an incredibly 
moving experience.  The tour guide was a person who was imprisoned there for 5 ½ 
years.  I saw Nelson Mandela’s cell, the quarry where he worked at hard labor and the 
place where he planted his garden in the exercise courtyard of the prison.  That evening, I 
attended the opening ceremony of the IAS Conference.
Monday, July 20.  Visited the Township of Gugulethu and participated in the launching 
of the SAAVI102/HVTN 073 vaccine trial, which is a collaboration between the NIAID 
and the South Africans on a DNA prime MVA boost vaccine. The South Africans 
involved are Linda-Gail in CT and Glenda Gray in Durban (KwaZulu-Natal) 
Collaboration also with VRC (Gary Nabel).  Big ceremony at the launching with the 
Minister of Science and technology (Dr. Pandor – woman),  Anthony (Tony) Mbewu – 
head of SA MRC, and Minister of Health Matsoaledi.  I was very moved by the terrible 
conditions of poverty in the Township of Gugulethu, but was equally impressed with 
what was being accomplished by the roll-out of PEPFATR by Linda-Gail in this setting.  
The extraordinary overlap and burden of disease with TB here and in Masiphumelele (see 
below) was staggering. 30% of patients on the PEPFAR program were diagnosed and 
were on treatment for TB when they entered program. Another 20% were diagnosed with 
TB when they got there and another 10% developed TB during the time that they were 
there.
In the  early afternoon (1:00 PM I gave the Plenary Keynote at the meeting on the subject 
of “US Sponsored HIV/AIDS Research and Prevention: Science and Policy”.  Following 
my talk was a talk by Eric Goosby, the new head of the Office of Global AIDS 
Coordinator (OGAC).  The session was devoted to AIDS science and policy in the new 
Obama administration.  My talk was very well received.  I emphasized the science but 
also stressed that the needle exchange ban would soon be over as would be the 
immigration constraints, as would be abstinence only.  I clearly stated that abstinence 
only does not work.  The crowd loved it.
That night had reception at the Consul-General’s (Alberta Mayberry) home (amazingly 
beautiful view of CT from her terrace. All the implementers of PEPFAR were there from 
USAID, CDC, and South Africans.  I gave a short speech sincerely thanking them for 
their work, and told them the story of PEPFAR.  Eric Goosby also gave a speech
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 214 ---
212
Tuesday, July 21.  I visited with Linda-Gail the Township of Masiphumelele.  Again, I 
was deeply moved by the poverty and physical nature of the place.  Like Gugulethu, there 
were small huts made of corrugated tin and cardboard thast were stuck to each other in a 
“wall-to-wall” fashion for acres and acres.  One could barely walk between the huts.  
Again, the work that the South African health personnel were doing was inspiring.  The 
same numbers and problems with HIV and TB as in Gugulethu.
Tuesday night we flew back to DC and arrived early (6:00 AM) on Wednesday, July 22
July 22, 2009 – I rolled out the NIAID plan for the clinical trials of H1N1 vaccine to be 
performed in the NIAID’s VTEUs.  We will start in early August and do trials on healthy 
adults, elderly, children to determine immediate safety, immunogenicity, dosage and 
number of doses, and sequence of administration vis-à-vis seasonal flu vaccine.  Much 
press associated with this, i.e. appearances on ABC Evening News, CNN Situation room 
with Wolf Blitzer, (on July 23)  much print and radio (NPR, etc). 
July 24, 25, 26, 2009 – Went to the Aspen Health Forum where I gave talks and served 
on 4 panels: 1) Sex and health, 2) ARRA funds and how we spend them; 3) Swine flu; 
and 4) Vaccines.  My brief talks and panel appearances were extremely well received.  I 
mostly “ad-libed” and they loved it. Typical Aspen scene with many terrific people to 
interact with: Tom Daschle, Walter Isaacson, Billy Tauzin, Mehmet Oz, Rick Stengel 
(managing editor of Time), Jeff Kluger (senior editor of Time), Susan Denzler, Nancy 
Synderman of MSNBC and a host of others.  Excellent discussion, setting and exposure.  
Beautiful place.  Also had dinner at the Mr. and Mrs. Greenwald.
July 27, 2009 – Had a nice appearance on MSNBC with Dr. Nancy Snyderman 
discussing H1N1 Swine flu.  She was in Aspen (where I had just spent some time with 
her) and I was in the studio at NIH.
July 28, 2009 – ACIP will recommend to CDC regarding vaccination program.  I 
appeared on ABC World News Tonight
July 29, 2009 – Big issue with release of data and paper in lancet showing that pregnant 
women have significant increased risk of hospitalization and death from flu. I  appear on 
Good Morning America and MSNBC.  On the latter, I spared with Arianna Huffington 
who feels that we should not vaccinate children or pregnant women or even adults.  Dr. 
Nancy Snyderman (of MSNBC) was on program and complimented me and disagreed 
with Arianna.  CDC held press briefing after ACIP recommendations to first vaccinate 
pregnant women, then caregivers of infants (<6 months old), then HCW, then young 
people, then non-elderly with underlying conditions.  
I appear on BBC TV and then on NBC Nightly News with Bob Bazell and Brian 
Williams.  Press stuff starting to heat up.  I think that the HHS and Jenny finally realize 
what I can do with the press.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 215 ---
213
July 30, 2009 – Appeared on MSNBC today with Dr. Nancy Synderman and a vaccine 
nihilist named Diane Miller.  She was a nerd who said we should not vaccinate anyone 
with flu vaccines since they do not work and they are dangerous.  Nancy and I 
annihilated her.
July 31, 2009 – Got called by Mike Gerson who is getting very interested in needle 
exchange programs and will do a piece on it in The Washington Post..  He called from the 
mobile unit that goes around DC doing needle exchange.  He was very excited in a 
positive way telling me that he is now converted to a “true believer’ in favor of needle 
exchange.  He wanted to know from me what the scientific data are.  I told him the story 
of the Shalala Committee that I was on with Harold Varmus, David Satcher, Alan 
Leschner, etc. where Donna asked us to do a “meta-analysis”-type look at the literature 
on needle exchange and ask 2 questions: 1) does needle exchange promote drug abuse 
and 2) does needle exchange decrease incidence of HIV infection among drug users.  We 
found clearly that it did not promote drug use and did decrease HIV infection.  We 
presented the data to Donna who strongly recommended a federally funded needle 
exchange program and called the WH to indicate this.  To all of our dismay, the WH 
rejected this for political reasons.  Drug Tsar McCaffrey did not want it; neither did 
prominent black Congressmen like Charlie Rangel (Charlie thought that it might be 
interpreted as a signal that we had given up on the black community).  In any event, Mike 
was thrilled that the science backed up his impression.  As a background, the Congress 
just recently lifted the ban on federally funded needle exchange, only with the proviso 
that such programs cannot be implemented within 1000 feet of school, park, recreational  
facility, etc.  This is silly since it blocks out most of the entire city in most places.
August 1 – 10, 2009  Much press regarding the beginning of the vaccine trials for H1N1.  
I was on ABC, MSNBC, multiple radio shows, Diane Rehm Show, etc. discussing the 
H1N1 issues.  
August 5, 2009 -  Mike Gerson wrote an editorial in the Washington Post describing his 
impression about the importance of needle exchange programs. He quoted his 
conversations with me.  Also, Chris and I had dinner over Mark Dybul’s and Jason 
Claire’s home on Wallace Place is NW DC.  Josh Bolten was there with his partner Dede 
and her daughter Rachel.  Josh had just spent a couple of months in Africa (The Gambia) 
with the Maryknoll priests.  We reminisced about the White House days and PEPFAR.
August 6, 2009 – Appeared on Diane Rehm show with Bruce Gellin discussing H1N1
August 7, 2009 – First patients injected with H1N1 vaccine in NIAID sponsored VTEU 
clinical trials.  Much media attention.
August 8, 2009 – Appeared on Good Morning America to describe the H1N1 clinical 
trials.
August 9 – 24, 2009 – Our clinical trials with the VETUs on the H1N1 vaccine in adults, 
elderly for dose (15 versus 30 ug) and number of doses (1 vs 2, 21 days apart) began on 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 216 ---
214
Aug. 7 just as I had predicted.  Clinical trials in children started about 11 days later.  We 
wanted to get some quick and dirty safety data on normal adults before going into 
children.  Will start trials in pregnant women in early-mid September.  I pushed hard for 
trials in pregnant women since they are included in the 5 target groups for H1N1 
vaccination in the Fall.  We expect first dose data from normal adults in mid-Sept. and 
second dose data by early to mid-October.  This will be just in time since the first major 
bolus of vaccines will be ready for administration by Oct. 15.  Of note, we had expected 
about 140 to 160 doses by Oct. 15, but the virus is growing slowly pushing back the 
schedule.  Also, one of our suppliers is CSL, which is an Australian company.  Since 
Australia in right now in the middle of their Winter Flu season, they are getting hit hard  
by H1N1 and so the vaccine meant for us is being channeled to the Aussies 
(appropriately so).
Mush press regarding the beginning and progress of the trials.  I am on TV and/or radio 
and quoted in print media virtually every day. Southern Hemisphere getting hit with 
many cases and we expect the same in the Fall.  Real unknown is whether there will be a 
greater proportion of serious disease (particularly in the young0 or whether there just will 
be more cases and so the total number of serious cases will be more without an increase 
in the proportion.  I am on conference call with the Pandemic Flu Task Force (of which I 
am a member) every day.  
Aug. 26, 2009 – Sad day today.  I was scheduled to appear on CNN’s “American 
Morning” at 6:30 AM broadcast from the NIH TV studio.  Was awakened by a call from 
the CNN producer in NYC at 4:50 AM telling me that the segment has been cancelled 
due to the expected death of Sen. Ted Kennedy after a year’s struggle with a brain tumor.  
Ted Kennedy and I had become good friends over the many years that we interacted 
together and I feel a deep sadness about his passing.
Aug 27 – Sept. 9, 2009 – Still the same nonsense going on with Jenny backus trying to 
completely control the H1N1 message and not letting me out to the press despite their 
insistence on having me on shows and in print.  Also, she continues to want to know 
“what I am going to say” when she does approve me.  She is really very bad news.
Sept.. 10 - 12, 2009 – Great news all around regarding H1N1 vaccines.   NEJM came out 
online on evening of Aug. 9 with papers from CSL and Novartis on requirement for only 
1 dose of 15 ugs unadjuvanted vaccine (CSL) or 1 dose of 7.5 adjuvanted vaccine 
(Novartis) for robust responses. NIAID data now showing with SP and CSL product that 
15ugs of unadjuvanted product gives robust responses at 8-10 following a single dose in 
adults (18 to 64) and elderly (>65).  This is fantastic and surprising.  This strongly 
indicates that although there is no “measurable” cross-reactivity in serum from most 
people, particularly the young who have none, this still looks very much like a secondary 
response to a boost.  Therefore, these subjects must have been exposed in the past to virus 
or vaccine that has primed them for the novel H1N1.  So much for measurable antibody 
being a correlate and/or predictor of immunity/protection.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 217 ---
215
     In any event, now finally Jenny Backus is “putting me out there” with my leading the 
HHS press conference on August 11 to make the announcement with the Secretary and 
doing all of the press, i.e. Newshour, CNN Situation Room, front page NY Times, 
multiple NPR interviews (“All Things Considered” , etc) Washington Post, all print from 
everywhere, NBC Today Show, CBS Evening and Morning News, MSNBC, NBC 
Nightly News, etc.  Still and amazingly, she did not allow me to comment on the NIH 
data on the evening of Sept. 9th when the NEJM data from the companies came out since 
we were scheduled for a Secretarial Press briefing at 1:00 PM Friday.  When the press 
called me on the night of Sept.. 9 and heard that I could comment on the NEJM papers, 
but not our data, they went nuts saying that the HHS were crazy and that the story is 
tonight for tomorrow and not tomorrow for the next day.  The Editors needed to know 
whether the NIH data corroborated the company data; otherwise they were reluctant to 
play it up. Finally, I e-mailed Jenny, Laura Petrou, and Niki Lurie telling how crazy this 
was.  Jenny finally relented and let me call back the print people to tell them only that 
“our data corroborate the companies’ data”, without giving details.  Jenny is stupid and 
nuts.  She refused to allow me to go on TV until tomorrow afternoon.  Wolf Blitzer 
would have none of this and on his Situation Room evening show on Aug. 9, he called 
me directly in my office and put me on TV as a phone-in voice interview.  I did not know 
that he was going to do this until a minute before he did.  Jenny was pissed. Yet, the next 
afternoon and evening and on Sept. 12, Jenny let me do everything.
    There was, however, a big blowup with crazy Jenny who attacked Patty Conrad and 
others at NIH since she claimed that we were blaming her for not letting Fauci go on the 
air (Duh!!!! That is the truth; that is what she is doing).  She wrote a vicious e-mail 
saying that she was very angry because we were “throwing her under the bus” with the 
press since then they will think that she is muzzling me…..which she is.  She really is a 
crazy lady.
Also, we got great news on Sept. 11 that the Thai canarypox (ALVAC) + AIDSVAX 
(gp120) HIV vaccine trial showed a 31% efficacy that was clearly statistically significant.
Sept 12 – 17, 2009 –Still an extraordinary amount of attempt to “control messaging about 
H1N1 on the part of HHS and particularly Jenny Backus.  They just have a different 
philosophy that they control message and a person can only speak about what their 
official responsibility is, i.e. I cannot talk about trends of disease since this is a CDC 
issue – the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard of.  Also, quite insulting to me sine I 
have been talking broadly about ID issues for 25 years to national press
   Obama having real trouble selling his health care reform plan.
Sept. 17, 2009 – Went to State Department for swearing-in of Eric Goosby as the new 
head of the Office of Global AIDS Coordinator (PEPFAR+).  Took place at 4:00 PM in 
Franklin Room, presided over by Secretary Hillary Clinton.  She recognized me in the 
audience and made a comment during her official remarks about the great work that I 
have been doing for so many years with HIV/AIDS.  Got a chance to chat with her after 
the ceremony.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 218 ---
216
Sept. 21, 2009 – More good news. Pediatric H1N1 clinical trials showed good responses 
at 8 to 10 days with 1 dose of 15 ugs in kids 9 to 17 and lesser response in kids younger – 
just like seasonal flu vaccine.  I led a press briefing.
Sept. 24, 2009 – Roll-out of the Thai trial results.  31.2% efficacy; p – 0.039.  16,000 in 
randomized trial in relatively low risk heterosexuals in Thailand.  74 infections in 
placebo, 51 infections in vaccines.  Press ate it up.  The usual suspects who wrote the 
2004 Science letter criticizing my decision to fund the trial made comments either for 
attribution or “anonymously” that they were not impressed and probably thought that it 
was a fluke (John Moore, Ronald Desrosiers, etc.)  I was very reserved in putting it into 
perspective as this not at all being the “end game”, but an important start since this was 
the first time in over 2 decades that we have gotten even the slightest positive signal in 
any HIV/AIDS vaccine.  The lack of major immune parameters, i.e. neutralizing abs and 
CTLs tell me what I suspected all along that we are probably not looking at the right 
measures of immunity.  Of note the vaccine had no effect on viral load of those that did 
get infected. 
    Since this was not H1N1 and since Jenny Backus probably does not even know what 
HIV is, I was given blanket clearance for the Press.  I had the most media exposure that I 
have had since the anthrax situation.  Front page or prominent coverage in all major print 
media (NY Times, Wash Post, AP, Reuters, etc.  Also, prominent appearances on every 
TV outlet – NBC Nightly News with Bob Bazell, CBS Evening News; ABC World News 
Tonight, Wolf Blitzer Situation Room on CNN; Fox News; Canadian TV; BBC; 
Bloomberg;  World News with Katty Kay; Radio – NPR – All Things Considered; 
WTOP
Sept. 29, 2009 – Bono/U2 concert at FedEx stadium.  Logistic disaster for me.  I was 
invited by Bono to attend the concert and be present at a reception in the “Round Room” 
of the FedEx stadium before he was scheduled to go on at 8:30 PM.  I was very busy in 
the office preparing for the visit to the NIH the next day of Sec. Sebelius and President 
Obama.  By the time Chris and I drove to the stadium we got caught in 2 hours of traffic 
and a disaster trying to get parking in the stadium lots.  I missed the reception, did not see 
Bono.  He probably thought that I did not show and so he did not do what he has done 
several times with concerts and appearances which is to point me out in the audience and 
praise me.  Too bad, but that is the way it goes sometime.
Sept. 30, 2009 – Wonderful day at NIH.  POTUS came in the AM with the Secretary, 
Bill Corr (Deputy Secretary) and Francis. Marston Linehan and I showed him a lab in the 
new CRC.  First Marston spoke about the genetics of renal cancer and then Francis spoke 
about the cancer genome atlas.  I then spoke to the POTUS about the history of HIV 
research here in the Clinical Center.  I spoke about how I admitted the first AIDS patients 
in 1981 and how they all died.  I then spoke about the major advances in antiretroviral 
drug development and testing that has transformed the treatment and survival of HIV-
infected individuals.  I spoke about the recent results of the Thai HIV vaccine trial.  He 
was very engaging, pleasant, funny but serious about the subject.  He definitely now has 
fixed in his mind who I am.  When I told him that I had been here since 1968, he joked 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 219 ---
217
that this must mean that I came when I was 11 years old.  I had the opportunity of 
walking him back to his limo to drive around the corner to the entrance to Masur 
Auditorium.  We had a very nice conversation.  He knew that I was from NYC. I told him 
that my father went to Columbia and Megan is a 2nd year student at Columbia.  He said 
“Ah, I knew there was something that I really liked about you”.  I told him about Jenny 
teaching in Crown Heights and he said that this was terrific.  All around, he is an 
extraordinarily engaging person.  I rode in the motorcade to Masur Auditorium with Sec. 
Sebelius.
     Obama gave a great speech in the Masur Auditorium.  He explicitly mentioned me in 
his speech referring to what I had told him regarding progress in HIV/AIDS.  The 
audience went wild over him.  
    After he left, to return to the White House,  I brought Sec. Sebelius to a patient ward 
5SE and had a patient presented to her by Joe Kovacs.  Patient was Dante Henson – 22 yo 
black gay man with newly diagnosed advanced HIV disease who presented with 15 
liter/day diarrhea due to cryptosporidiosis.  Was  on the IRIS protocol.  It was good to 
give her a chance to see a hospital ward and a patient.
   After this we took Sebelius to the Medical Board Room and various IC Directors made 
short presentations to Sebelius:  Richard Hodes and Betsy Nabel on comparative 
effectiveness research (CER); me on HIV/AIDS; Tom Insel on Autism; Griff Rodgers 
and Betsy Nabel on obesity.  All in all it was a great day for NIH.  Obama is an extremely 
engaging person.
Oct. 7, 2009 – Went to White House to see Francis Collins receive National Medal of 
Science. When Obama came into the room, I was in the last row (first one he passed), he 
came over to me and shook my hand.  Clearly he now recognizes me as ASF at NIH.
   Still major press exposure re: H1N1.  I am daily on TV, NPR, print papers.  The “ban” 
on me is clearly lifted as Jenny et al are now very comfortable with my talking about 
anything.
Oct. 7 – 10, 2009 – Not unexpectedly, the people who are against the Thai trial are 
making a big stink (anonymously, of course) by leaking to the press that the original 
announcement on Sept. 24 of the 31% VE with a p value of 0.039 using a mITT analysis 
was not the correct analysis since the per protocol analysis is a 26% VE with a non-
significant p value.  Everyone knows that the ITT analysis is the gold standard.  
Nonetheless, these assholes are trying to invalidate the study by rumor milling the press.  
They got their information by unethically violating an embargo agreement that they had 
signed when the DoD (out of courtesy) briefed them on all of the data at the time of the 
Sept, 24 announcement.  Clearly, the people involved are Doug Richman, Dennis Burton, 
Ron desrosiers, John Moore.
    I finally spoke to the press and had an article in the Sunday (Oct. 11) NY Times with 
my picture explaining why it is much to do about nothing.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 220 ---
218
Oct. 10, 2009 – Chris and I had a great dinner in the Placido Domingo room of Café 
Milano as guests of Kathryn and Wayne Reynolds on the occasional of Derek and 
Beverly Joubert’s visit.  They are award-winning film-makers for National Geographic 
who photograph and film lions, leopards, and cheetahs in the wild.  Typical enjoyable 
Reynolds dinner with many famous guests including: Gen James Jones, Terry McAuliffe, 
Sam and Jan Donaldson, Tom Daschle, Brendan Sullivan, Fred Hiatt, Tom Friedman, 
Alexandra Cousteau (Jacques’s granddaughter), 
Oct. 13, 2009 – Still extremely intensive media exposure with national media 
appearances a few times per week and heating up.  Had dinner at Zeke Emanuel’s home 
in DC with Chris.  Corby Kummer was there as was Rahm Emanuel and his children.  
Other government people whose names I unfortunately forget.
Oct. 14, 2009 – Flew to NYC to give Parker Memorial Lecture to the Dept. of 
Microbiology and Immunology at Columbia Medical School.  Gave the a4B7 lecture that 
was very well received.
Oct. 16, 2009 – Went to White House for top secret meeting and counterintelligence 
briefing by FBI and CIA.  Apparently, Russians are monitoring the evolution of our 
Biodefense campus at Fort Detrick.  As usual, a lot of soft stuff.  I certainly would expect 
that they would be doing this since they suspect that we are doing offensive bioterrorism 
as opposed to defensive biodefense.
Oct. 18, 2009 – Take off to Paris with Patty Conrad for the 2009 AIDS Vaccine meeting 
of the IAS and Vaccine Enterprise.  Extremely successful meeting in many ways.  The 
RV144 (Thai trial) results were formerly presented coinciding with the online publication 
of the results in the NEJM.  There was significant controversy surrounding the role-out of 
this vaccine a couple of weeks ago (see above).  The complete data showed that the effect 
was modest, but real.  Apart from a few remaining skeptics, the  issue now is to learn 
from this by examining any correlates of immunity.
     I gave the closing talk on Oct. 22 together with Francois Barre-Sinoussi.  My talk was 
extremely well-received as being visionary.  I thoroughly enjoyed preparing and 
delivering the talk.  I discuss the Thai trial, but also the need to pursue low-dose mucosal 
challenge models in the non-human primate (NHP).  Also, I spoke about the importance 
of studying the early events in HIV infection for insight into the type of immune response 
that we need to elicit.  Also, spoke of the differences in the transmitting versus the 
chronically replicating virus.
Oct. 23 – 25, 2009 – Things really heating up with the press jumping all over the USG 
for “overpromising” the number of doses of vaccine that would be available.  In fact, 
despite my warnings, BAARDA (Robin Robinson – nice guy, but naïve) believed the 
pharmaceutical companies that they would have 160 million doses by October 15.  In fact 
they had 11 million and instead of ultimately getting 250 million, we are lucky if we get 
140 million.  Big gap between supply and demand with long lines for vaccine and 
widespread flu activity in 46 states.  Perfect storm.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 221 ---
219
 I have been as much media as in the anthrax days.  Just on October 23-25 I was on 11 
major networks and cable trying to explain the vaccine supply problem – Today Show, 
NBC Nightly News, multiple MSNBCs, CNN Situation Room, CNN American Morning, 
Charlie Rose, NPR, WTOP, Good Morning America, Jim Lehr’s The NewsHour, BBC, 
etc.
Oct. 25, 2009 – Reception and dinner in Georgetown 1692- 31st Street, N.W., hone of 
Susan and David Axelrod to view live the “60 Minutes” show about their ordeal with 
their daughter Lauren’s epilepsy that she has had from birth and that now at 28 years old 
has left her with significant brain damage.  They are wonderful people and have started 
the organization called CURE (Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy) to do research 
on epilepsy.  Typical high-powered DC gathering: Rahm Emanuel, VP Joe Biden and Jill 
Biden, Gen. James Jones, Mort Kondrake, Al Hunt, Bruce Reed, Linda Douglas (ABC), 
Bob Bennett, and many, many others.
Oct. 26, 2009 – Media Frenzy continues – Lou Dobbs, Campbell Brown (CNN), BBC
Oct. 27, 2009 – Extensive interview with Dan Rather for his Cable show “Dan Rather 
Reports”.  Very nice person.  We related well and he told his producer (Patty heard the 
conversation) that I was a “superstar”.
Oct. 28-29, 2009 – Press is jumping all over HHS for delay in vaccine distribution.  Front 
page stuff and all networks.  They are calling it “Obama’s Katrina”.
Nov. 3, 2009 – I continue to be all over the press – last night CBS Evening News; today 
CBS Morning News to explain the complex issues of why we do not have a lot of vaccine 
at hand – the virus just is not growing very well in eggs and much against my advice, 
HHS (BARDA, Jenny Backus) promised that we would have a certain number of doses 
and now we do not.  They relied on and believed the projections from the pharmaceutical 
companies when I told them not to.  They wanted to give a crisp message (they were still 
in campaign mode) and I told them not to.  Now, everyone looks to me for what to do and 
they are putting me out on all of the shows.  Actually NIAID is the only one giving good 
news sine our pregnancy trials and pediatric trials are giving good data – only 1 dose of 
15 ugs for pregnant women is required for robust response and we proved that 1 dose for 
older kids (10 – 17 years) is good and 2 doses for younger kids (6 months to 9 years is 
required).  I announced this at a press briefing at HHS yesterday.  This is in conflict with 
WHO who say that we should give 1 dose to all kids.
Nov. 4, 2009 – Major House Appropriations briefing/Hearing chaired by David Obey.  
Witness – me, Tom Frieden (CDC), Niki Lurie (ASPR) and health commissioner from 
Alabama and ?.  Tough questions by members and staff regarding availability of 
vaccines.  I came out looking good, but it was a intense hearing.  Next day (Nov. 5) big 
picture of me on page 3 of both the Washington Post and the NY Times.  
Nov. 5, 2009 – Image and message issues continue to deteriorate when it was announced 
today that workers from Goldman Sachs, Citibank and other Wall Street firms had gotten 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 222 ---
220
H1N1 vaccine as pregnant women wait in line. The CDC is being blamed since they are 
responsible ultimately for distribution.  In fact, CDC takes orders from States and locals 
and then distributes the vaccines through a contract with McKesson Corp, which sends to 
over 150,000 distribution sites within the states according to how the cities and states 
decide to distribute based on their best judgment.  Since the Wall Street firms have large 
clinics, they can easily distribute vaccine to their pregnant employees and those with 
underlying conditions.  It was Mayor Bloomberg’s choice, but the image did not look 
good and the CDC took flak for it.
    Still getting massive (couple of times daily) media exposure.  Media interest paused for 
a few days due to the terrible tragedy at Fort Hood (Texas) army base where a crazed 
Army MD psychiatrist who trained at USUHS and Walter Reed and is a Muslim (born in 
USA) went on a shooting rampage and killed 13 and wounded 30 soldiers getting ready 
to deploy to Afghanistan.
  Am extremely busy and very fatigued!
Nov. 10, 2009 – CDC and HHS still getting hammered by the press because of the delay 
in availability of vaccine.  Press frenzy continues.  I am coming across relatively 
unscathed because of my long-standing credibility.  Briefed the editorial board of the 
Washington Times yesterday and today my picture was on the front page of the 
Washington Times. Also, continue on TV and NPR.
Nov. 11, 2009 – Pressure and press frenzy continues.  Hurricane Ida flooding the mid-
Atlantic.  Been raining here with no real hurricane for days.  Pre-taped the “Power 
Player” segment for FOX News that will show on Sunday – 11-15-09.
Dinner at Richard Ben-Veniste and Donna grill’s home.  Present were:  Gerry and Ellen 
Sigal,  and 2 friends of Richard’s and Donna from LA.  Terry and Denise – 
environmentalists.
Nov. 12, 2009 – Two day of Science Management Working Group (SMWG) of which I 
am a member of the Intramural and Clinical Center Subcommittee.  This evolved out of 
the NIH Reauthorization Act of 2006 to look at the structure and function of the NIH.  
Chaired by Norman Augustine. On MSNBC and Fox News today.
Nov. 13, 2009 – More of the same.  Things getting very testy with the press and the 
Republicans blasting the Administration as having another “Katrina” with the H1N1 flu.  
Still long lines and contradictory issues of ½ people do not want to vaccine because that 
think it is not safe and ½ are waiting on line for it.  Lose-lose from a PR standpoint.  
Picture on page B1 of the Post (Metro Section) for the NIH-DC AIDS initiative.  On 
NBC Nightly News.
Nice dinner at Ambassador Nancy Brinker’s home (Ritz-Carlton Apartments in 
Georgetown in honor of Mark Dybul. Nancy was Chief of White House protocol under 
Pres. George W. Bush.  Beautiful Apartment overlooking Georgetown and the Potomac 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 223 ---
221
River.  About 16 people.  Nancy is the President /Director of the Susan G. Komen 
Institute named after her sister who died of breast cancer.  Nancy is now interested in 
Global Health, particularly cancers (breast mostly) in women in developing countries. 
Interesting guests.  I particularly liked speaking with Kathleen Parker, syndicated 
columnist and frequent Sunday News Show commentator and guest. Also, there were 
Pamela Stevens (former White House Press person) and other global health people.
Nov. 14, 2009 – Presented my NIAID “update” to the Board of the AAAAI at the Hyatt 
Capitol Hill. Ali’s NCS Cross Country Team wins the Maryland State Championship.  
Ali is one of the Senior Captains of the Varsity of which she is one of the starting 7.
Nov. 15, 2009 – Amazing Sunday.  Appeared on NBC Today Show in the AM, Fox 
News highlighted me as “Player of the Week” with a several minute segment.  Did “The 
Forum” with Dean Sam Lloyd at the National Cathedral.  Big success with big crowd.  
Consists of a “conversation” between Dean Lloyd and me about my life and work 
followed by questions from the audience. Also did CBS Evening News.  Exhausted at 
end of day.
Nov. 17, 2009 – Went to NYC to receive the Accordia Award for Public Service.  This is 
the new version of the Infectious Diseases Institute started by merle Sande and funded by 
Pfizer. Mark Dybul, Julie Gerberding and others were there.  Was in NYC anyway for the 
DDCF Board of Trustees meeting in the AM and went up to see Megan at Columbia for a 
couple of hours.  It is always wonderful to see Megan and I always have a great time 
when I visit her.  We had a nice lunch.
Nov. 20, 2009 – Had dinner with Chris over Francis and Diane Collins’s house with 
Regina Benjamin, the newly appointed Surgeon General.  Pleasant, but I believe that she 
is going to be a non-entity.  She is a bit over her head.
     The H1N1 pandemic is starting to die down with widespread disease going from 48 
states to around 30 states.  Much less press interest.  A lot more vaccine now available.
Nov. 23, 2009 – Went to NYC to give remarks at the Healthright international dinner at 
the Mandarin Hotel.  My remarks were honoring Jonathan Mann.  Gave a warm speech 
about him and his character. His daughter Naomi was there and was very touched by my 
presence and remarks.  She admitted publicly in her remarks that everyone in the family 
(even when she was a young girl) knew who “Tony” was since Jon would often speak of 
me.  She said that she realized that Jon and I sometimes disagreed but that her father 
always greatly respected me.  Nice evening.  After dinner I went up to Columbia to see 
Megan for an hour.  As usual, it was great to see her.
November 24, 2009 – Briefed the Foreign Press Core on AIDS at the National Press 
Club.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 224 ---
222
Nov. 30, 2009 – Attended a World AIDS Day event at the White House (South Court 
Auditorium.  Sec. Clinton and Sec. Sebelius were there as was Eric Goosby.  They spoke 
about PEPFAR.  Of note, striking difference from last year when anyone at White House 
mentioned PEPFAR, they would recognize me in the audience as the main architect of 
the Program.  No one did that this time even though Hillary Clinton saw me and warmly 
waved at me from the stage.  I believe that the new administration speech-writers and 
staff just have no idea who I am.  Sic transit Gloria.  Sebelius was her usual cold self and 
did not even make eye contact with me.  Also, (amazingly) when she was with me a day 
or 2 later actually asked me as we were on the Hill together to speak with the 
Congressional Black Caucus (who never showed up – ugh!) “now just what do you do 
and what is your official title”.  When I told her, she smiled and said: “I just think of you 
as “the vaccine guy”.  She did not mean any harm, but she is really clueless….or actually 
uninterested in any interpersonal relationship at this level.
Dec. 2, 2009 – Had dinner with Peggy Hamburg at Indique Restaurant on Connecticut 
Avenue.  Just to catch up on how she is doing as Commissioner of FDA.  Really nice 
person; has not changed.
Dec. 5, 2009 – Went to Holiday Party at Sam and Jan Smith Donaldson’s home in 
McLean.  Usual warm and enjoyable time.  Chris was in Istanbul teaching a course in 
Bioethics and so I went alone.  Usual cast of characters:  Colin Powell, General Casey, 
Ben Bradlee, Lee Hamilton, Antonin Scalia, Nina Totenberg, Bill Plante, John and 
Debbie Dingle, George Will, Terry McAuliffe, etc. etc.
Dec. 9, 2009 – Time Magazine came out with a list of the 10 most important Medical 
breakthroughs of 2009.  #2 was an “AIDS Vaccine” (the Thai trial) and #4 was an H1N1 
vaccine.  Of note, I played a significant role in the development of both of these.
Dec. 12, 2009 – Wonderful Holiday sit-down dinner party at the Academy of 
Achievement Town House on 16th Street (Black Tie) hosted by Wayne and Catherine 
Reynolds.  Usual cast of stars at the dinner – Senators, Congressmen, Media, etc.  
“Mystery” gust entertainer was Tony Bennett.  The Reynolds’s have been very generous 
to regularly include us at these functions.
Dec. 13, 2009 – Holiday Season in full swing with parties, etc.  Today parties at Nicki 
Lurie and Jesse Goodman’s; Bill Haseltine’s and Hugh and Mimi Auchincloss’s.  Flu 
activity really slowing down with sharp drop in cases.  More vaccine now available and 
so push to vaccinate.
Dec. 14, 2009 – Gave big talk at CSIS on new treatment approaches to HIV/AIDS at their 
headquarters on 18th and K Streets, NW.  Evening reception at Stone house for Julio 
Frenk.  Good guy.  I knew him slightly when he was Minister of Health for Mexico.
Dec. 15, 2009 – Much activity at HHS level to get the “team” to work on pushing vaccine 
since much is now available.  HHS is getting anxious (Jenny Backus, Laura Petrou, etc.) 
about possible “end-of-the-year” news stories that might criticize HHS and USG for 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 225 ---
223
doing a poor job with H1N1.  Had an interesting 90 minute with Washington Post 
Editorial Board (Fred Hiatt and Jonathan Capehart) to discuss the response to H1N1.  
Meeting was me, Peggy Hamburg, Tom Frieden, and Jenny Backus.  
Dec. 17, 2009 – Continuing on with the HHS push to try to get a final positive spin for 
end of 2009 on our response to H1N1.  They arranged a Press Briefing at the National 
Press Club with me, Secretary Sebelius, Tom Frieden, Peggy Hamburg, Nicki Lurie, Jess 
Goodman, etc. to explain what we have done in response to H1N1.
Dec. 24, 2009 – Traditional “great” dinner for my birthday at sister Denise’s home.  Over 
the years, Jenny, Megan and Ali have come to treasure this tradition similar to some of 
the family traditions that Denise and I treasured like dinner over Grandma Abys’s home 
for the holidays.  In the AM had my traditional birthday breakfast hosted by Chris and the 
girls at the Silver Diner on Connecticut Avenue.
Dec. 30, 2009 – Lunch at the White House mess with Heidi Avery.  She is Deputy to 
John Brennan at the National Security Council at the White House.  She is former CIA 
and Counter Terrorist Unit Chief.  She want to talk to me about how we should broadly 
handle “all threats to the public health” instead of going incident by incident as with 
pandemic flu.  She wanted to speak with me because she heard that I was a visionary 
about these issues.  Very enjoyable conversation.  Obviously, WH sources know about 
me despite the sometimes discouraging relationships that I have had with HHS and their 
lack of appreciation about who I am and what I have done over the years.
Jan. 6, 2010 – Big Global Health Research Summit held at NIH (Fisher’s Lane) with big 
hitters attending.  Convened by Francis Collins to flesh out suggestions for his Global 
Health Initiative as one of the 5 pillars of his tenure.  Jack Lew from State was there as 
were Eric Goosby, Zeke Emanuel representing WH, and many, many global health stars.  
Good meeting.
Jan. 12, 2010 – Finally had the launch of the DC – NIH HIV/AIDS Partnership.  Went to 
Anacostia for a inauguration and press conference with me, Mayor Fenty, Councilman 
David Catania, Shannon Hader and Pierre Vigilance from DC Dept. of Health.  Got good 
press with Channel 5 FOX News.  Also, had good and lengthy interview with Wolf 
Blitzer on “The Situation Room” that evening on National Influenza Vaccination Week 
(Jan. 10-16).  Again, the latter is part of the push to get people vaccinated.  Of note, all 
over Europe there are tens of millions of doses of vaccine that countries like France, 
Germany, Italy are turning back to the company since they are unused.  Interesting issue 
might arise about the companies no longer wanting to respond to crises since they make a 
lot of vaccine an then countries cancel the orders.  More to come on this.
Jan. 19, 2010 – Heidi Avery (see Dec. 30, 2009) called a meeting this evening (7:00 to 
8:45 PM) in the Situation Room of the West Wing to discuss the broad plans to handle all 
public health threats, i.e. existing, naturally emerging and deliberately emerging.  Present 
at the meeting was Zeke Emanuel, Nicki Lurie, Peggy Hamburg, Tom Frieden by phone 
from Atlanta, Jesse Goodman, Brian Kamoe, George Korch, Richard Hatchett, James 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 226 ---
224
Lawlor (latter 2 are my employees detailed to Heidi), Mike Kurilla, among others.  Heidi 
had asked us (NIH, CDC, FDA, HSS) through Nicki Lurie to prepare a 1-pager on this 
initiative from each of our perspectives.  Nicki consolidated the 1-pagers and we 
presented the concept to Heidi.  Heidi is aiming to get the POTUS to announce some sort 
of initiative in the State of the Union Address on January 27.  I am very impressed with 
Heidi and her no-nonsense style of getting to the point and the question at hand.  Heidi 
mentioned to me as we left the Situation Room that she was relying on my “vision” to 
help get this going.  Let us see what comes of this.
Jan. 21, 2010 – Has long meeting in my office and private dinner at Trattoria Sorrento in 
Bethesda with Eric Goosby, the Ambassador at Large in charge of PEPFAR and the new 
Chief of the OGAC (Office of Global AIDS Coordinator) to discuss the future of 
PEPFAR.  Recall that Eric was one of the people that I flew in the put the icing on the 
cake of convincing the White House in 2002 that I was right about starting PEPFAR.  In 
any event, we discussed the issues of broadening the mandate of PEPFAR and integrating 
it in a more comprehensive health systems partnership with the developing countries.  
Unlike in the past, he is in favor of “operational” or “Implementation” research to 
determine best practices associated with PEPFAR mission.  He confided in me the issues 
in the Department of State in putting the President’s Global Health Initiative (GHI) under 
USAID with new Director Raj Shah.  Since PEPFAR in included within and is the major 
part ($51 Billion out of $63 Billion) of the GHI, the question remains will Hillary Clinton 
put PEPFAR under USAID.  Given the ineptitudes of USAID, I told Eric that he should 
never accept that.  He agrees and actually said that he would resign if that happened.  I do 
not think that things will happen that way.
Jan. 25, 2010 – Had strategy meeting in Building 31, Room 7A24 and subsequent dinner 
at Positano restaurant in Bethesda to determine the Institute’s strategy for vaccine 
research following the RV144 Thai trial results.  I called in a small group to hash out the 
issues in intense deliberations.  Present were: Larry Corey, Bart Haynes, Gepi Pantaleo, 
Louis Picker, Cliff Lane, Carl Dieffenbach, Peggy Johnston, Hugh Auchincloss, Carol 
Hudgings, Patty Conrad.  General consensus is to continue with basic discovery, but to 
go ahead with other Phase 2B trials, particularly a poxvirus (likely NYVAC) prime and a 
protein boost (Clade C) in Africa.   Will continue this discussion next week with the 
AIDS Vaccine Research Subcommittee (AVRS).
Jan. 26, 2010 – Another meeting with Heidi Avery at the Situation Room in the West 
Wing of the WH to further discuss the new initiative to counter all public health threats 
including bioterror, but also all emerging and existing Health threats.  Mike Kurilla and I 
have been fine tuning the NIH component.  Present at the meeting was the same group as 
on January 19, 2010 (see above0 .  Also present was the POTUS’s science advisor John 
Holdren.  We now have a 1-pager that Heidi has discussed with the POTUS and that is 
being considered for a brief comment in the State of the Union  (SOTU) Address.
Jan. 27-28, 2010 – Went to Boston to be the Bulfinch Visiting Professor at 
Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School at the invitation of Denny 
Ausiello (Chair of Medicine).  Great visit, particularly interactions with House Staff and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 227 ---
225
Fellows. Gave the Bulfinch Lecture on Pandemic Influenza; extremely well-received by a 
standing room only crowd.  On the trip home when I landed at DCA, I bought a hot dog 
since In was starving.  I immediately ran into Nina Tottenberg and her husband David 
who god-naturely chastised me for eating the hot dog.  With a minute I walked to a news-
stand to buy a Washington Post.  I ran into Karl Rove who jokingly said he would tell the 
world that the great Dr. Fauci was caught eating a hot dog.  We had a good laugh.
  On evening of Jan. 27 POTUS mentioned the sentence that I crafted for Heidi in the 
SOTU Address: “And we are launching a new initiative that will give us the capacity 
to respond faster and more effectively to bioterrorism or an infectious disease — a 
plan that will counter threats at home and strengthen public health abroad.”  This is 
the second SOTU Address where my words were included.  Other was the PEPFAR and 
Project BioShield statements in the Jan. 28, 2003 SOTU address by Pres. Bush.
Jan. 29, 2010 – Met at the White House (EEOB 234) with Heidi Avery, Zeke Emanuel 
and several Pharma people whom Zeke had called in to ask the question of what would 
they need to work with us on this project that Heidi and the rest of us have been 
developing regarding developing a transforming approach to developing countermeasures 
for all public health threats.  Present at the meeting were:  Peter Kim (Merck), Lloyd 
Klickstein (Novartis), Rob Mashal (NKT Therapeutics), Sandy Hecker (Hecker and 
Associates), Lynn Marks (GSK), Richard Hatchett.
Feb. 1, 2010 – Another meeting in the Situation Room of the WH with Heidi Avery with 
the usual cast of characters.  For the past 2 meetings, Andy …. From DoD has joined as 
has John Holdren from PCAST.  There is tension building where the HHS people 
(particularly Nicki Lurie and to some extent Jesse Goodman, Peggy Hamburg and Tom 
Frieden are getting nervous about the boldness of the proposal and whether we can 
“deliver” on the promises.  Heidi is trying here best to explain that we need a bold 
initiative and if we are not bold and transforming, we will get nowhere. They are 
concerned that this is moving quickly particularly since Heidi is talking about possible 
face-time with the POTUS to have him accept and sanction this bold “new initiative’. I 
am leaning much more towards Heidi and have served as somewhat of an intermediary to 
try to alleviate their concerns.  They are somewhat in the weeds.  Heidi has been calling 
me up at night to get my confidential feedback about how we can get the HHS group 
from being so conservative.
Feb. 2, 2010 – Had AIDS Vaccine Research Subcommittee (AVRS) meeting at the 
Bethesda North Marriott Hotel to discuss the way forward following the Thai trial 
(RV144).  We discussed the same issues that I discussed at the smaller meeting of my 
“Kitchen Cabinet” on Jan. 25.  As usual, people had insecurities about pursuing a path 
that was not their path.  In addition to the Jan. 25 group, also present were Dennis Burton, 
Bruce Walker, Nelson Michael, Jerome Kim, Debbie Birx (now at CDC).  I made it clear 
to them in no uncertain terms that they needed to speak up openly and not stay silent and 
then after the meeting say they disagreed with the conclusions.  It turned out to be a good 
meeting since they obviously heard what I said.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 228 ---
226
Feb. 4, 2010 – Opened the Genomics Blue Ribbon Panel at the Bethesda North Marriott 
to plan the direction of genomics research for NIAID.  All the stars were there – Ian 
Lipkin, Eric Lander, etc. Eric gave a great speech. About the use of genomics in 
infectious diseases.  That evening presented my usual “State of NIAID” talk to the ASM 
Executive Committee.
Feb. 5 and 6 and Feb and Feb 9 and 10 – 2 worse snow storms in the history of 
Washington, DC.  Shut down schools and government for a week – it was a 0ne (32 
inches at IAD) – two (20 inches in DC) punch.  During this time we intensified the 
development of the PHEMCE (Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasure 
Enterprise) Initiative via Heidi Avery.  Getting hot and heavy in that the HHS folks are 
getting cold feet.  Although good friends of mine – Nicki Lurie appears afraid and over 
her head.  Jesse Goodman is forever in the weeds.  Peggy Hamburg is cautious but just 
now is starting to realize that this train is moving.
Feb. 8, 2010 – Whole city is socked in with snow, but we still had meeting in Sit Room 
with the usual cast of characters.  Heidi has obtained 1 hour face time for us with the 
POTUS, but the HHS crew is afraid.  Issue  is that they think that the concept is too bold 
and Nicki Lurie is afraid that it will supersede the IOM-led review of the enterprise that 
Sec. Sebelius has ordered for Feb. 22-23 and that must report to her by March 31.  Heidi 
wants to leap over all of the nonsense and get the POTUS buy in.  The pillars of her 
transforming plan are : 1) Multi-use principle – NIAID has already been pushing for this 
in the sense of partnering with industry to develop multi-use products and advance new 
platform technologies; 2) Collaborations, Partnerships and Cooperatives; 3) regulatory 
innovation and Advancement of regulatory Science; 4)Product Development and 
manufacturing services; 5) End-to-end Multidisciplinary Project Management (see entire 
document in records of My Documents).
Feb. 10, 2010 – We (the HHS team) brief Bill Corr (Deputy Secretary).  Again 
conservative concern.  I am all for Heidi’s initiative.  These people just do not understand 
how important it is to get personal support of the POTUS (remember PEPFAR).
Again, multiple conference calls with Heidi fine-tuning the document.  Richard Hatchett 
(who actually works for me in DAIT, but is detailed to Heidi) and Heidi often call me late 
at night for help in getting this group off their asses.  They are afraid that she will 
promise too much.  She keeps saying (and I totally believe her) that we are not going to 
promise the POTUS anything, we just need to get his buy-in and then we will implement 
what we can.
Feb. 11, 2010 – HHS team briefs Secretary Sebelius over the phone.  She is smart, but 
clueless about what all this means.  Nicki Lurie is inarticulate in explaining it to her.  
Nonetheless Heidi is going to give it a go with the POTUS even though she is terribly 
frustrated with the HHS people except for me. My time has been totally consumed with 
this despite the shutdown of everything with the snow.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 229 ---
227
Feb. 12, 2010 – Meet with the POTUS from 2:00 to 3:00 in the Situation Room.  Richard 
and Heidi present and the HHS team answered questions.  I was not shy in telling the 
PTUS what I thought.  He said “Are we making this more complicated than it should we?  
Why not contract out for the relatively limited number of countermeasures that we have 
Intel. On that could be threats”.  I reminded him that in his SOTU address he said that we 
would develop an initiative to counter all threats to public health even naturally emerging 
infections.  I then told him that the dual use and new platform technologies were essential 
to get industry involved since they would not take the investment risk unless we helped 
them with the technology, etc.  He agreed.  He recognized who I was without even an 
introduction and called me “Tony”. All in all, the meeting went well and he said that he 
endorsed the plan.   Parenthetically, The traffic was horrible getting to the WH via the 
GW parkway by Taxi.  I took a taxi because the METRO Red Line shut down due to a 
derailment.  Stressful getting there, but great to have 1 hour face time with the POTUS.  
This is now the 5th POTUS that I have personally advised via serious face-time.
Feb. 15-17, 2010 – Went to annual CROI meeting in San Francisco.  Gave Opening 
Session Plenary on “The HIV/AIDS Research Agenda:  A View from NIAID”.  Gave a 
bold and provocative talk about the high risk, high impact, potential “game-changer” 
research that we plan to do over the next few years.  The 3 “pillars” of this research are 1) 
Aggressively seek, test and treat infected individuals.  However, the math tells us that the 
treatment paradigm in a vacuum will never end the AIDS pandemic since more people 
get infected than get put on treatment.  Hence we need to do something different such as 
getting people who are on therapy off therapy by developing a 2) CURE for HIV – tough 
challenge.  Also we need to 3) Prevent new infections by a) ARVs as prevention – ARV 
containing microbicides; PrEP; test and treat; and b) vaccine.   Beautiful days in SF.  
Stayed at the Westin St. Francis.  Many people said that it was the best and most 
inspiring talk that I have ever given – “bold and challenging”.
On Feb. 17, I briefed by teleconference the PCAST working group about the POTUS 
initiative and gave them background info.  On the call were co-chairs Harold Varmus and 
Eric Lander.  Also, David Baltimore, Ed Penhoelt, Emilio Emini, Harvey Fineberg, 
among others.
Feb. 18, 2010 – Another meeting at the Sit Room of the WH from 4:00 to 5:30 PM with 
Heidi Avery and the “team”.  Getting ready for the various meetings next week of IOM 
(Secretary’s review), PCAST, and National Biodefense Science Board (NBSB).  I 
brought up that reports from these other meetings may confuse people regarding the 
POTUS’s initiative to transform PHEMCE.  Heidi will likely let the other meeting 
happen, incorporate some ideas from them and still have the POTUS initiative be the 
driving force of policy.
During the day prior to the WH had a visit from Rick Klausner.  I had been talking to 
Rock about these issue for awhile and he is very much in agreement with my stand on 
how we need to transform the way the USG interacts with industry in the development of 
products.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 230 ---
228
Feb. 23, 2010 – Continued activity in trying to dissect out what went right and/or wrong 
with the response to H1N1 flu.  Still considerable tension between Heidi Avery who 
wants  s “to transform” the system and make some leaps and the slow, careful (and 
actually incompetent) response of the HHS people. Had the PHEMCE review led by 
Nicki Lurie under the auspices of the IOM.  Held at the House of Sweden on 2900 K 
street by the Georgetown Waterfront.  I presented a lively endorsement of the Avery plan.  
L felt that it made the HHS people nervous.  This reminds me of 25 years ago when I was 
pushing HHS to accept the AIDS activists and they were conservatively reluctant.  They 
are not bold at all.
Feb. 25, 2010 – As per the “review”, a PCAST meeting c—chaired by Harold Varmus 
and Eric Lander was held at the Carnegie Institution on 1530 P Street, N.W. with David 
Baltimore, Tom Monath, Robert Coffman, Emilio Emini and others present.  Their 
purpose was to look at the response to H1N1 and report back to the POTUS.  I presented 
my theme of the absolute importance of developed a new paradigm of close interaction 
between USG and industry whereby USG pushes and shares to risk of developing 
innovative technologies (new platforms for vaccines and drugs) that industry can use for 
their own profits while the USG then has it available to respond to public health threats 
(existing, emerging and deliberate). I was very well received. 
March 1, 2010 – Regular Monday evening meeting in the Situation Room of the White 
House led by Heidi Avery with the usual cast of characters.  Still inertia on HHS part and 
agitation by Heidi.  Couple of days later (~ March 3 or 4) Heidi called me at home at 
around 10:00 AM very discouraged at the inertia and lack of imagination of HHS people, 
particularly Peggy Hamburg, Nicki Lurie and Jess Goodman.  Asked for my help in 
getting the initiative going or she even said that it might be hopeless with this cast of 
characters.  She felt that Nicki was in over her head and that she was afraid of losing her 
command of the situation instead of capitalizing on what Heidi wants to do.  Heidi also 
feels that Peggy is missing the big picture and that Jesse is hopelessly garbled in his 
thought and expression.  I will try to help her by formulating a plan with her to get this 
initiative rolling.
March 5, 2010 – Gave my yearly talk to the Zuckernman Fellows led by Mort 
Zuckerman and David Gergen.    Then had the usual receptions that evening at Ronald 
and Beth Dozoretz’s home at 3005 45th Street, N.W. (right around the block from my 
house.  Usual stars were there – Sonya Sotamayor, Desiree Rogers (Social Secretary at 
the WH), Justice Breyer, Dave Gergen, Wolf Blitzer, Andrea Mitchell, etc/
March 6, 2010 – Under the continued generosity of Wayne and Catherine Reynolds to 
Chris and me, we were their guests at the premier showing of the Opera “War and Peace” 
at the Opera House of the Kennedy Center.  Special elegant dinner before hand in the 
Atrium followed by the opera.  Guests were the usual DC lists of famous people:  few 
examples – Gen James Jones, Sen. Tom Daschle, Marcus Brauchli (editor of Washington 
Post), many media people – Dana Priest, Wolf Blitzer, Sam Donaldson, etc.  Long opera!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 231 ---
229
March 16, 2010 – Research Amer!ca Awards Gala at the Andrew Mellon Auditorium on 
Constitution Avenue.  Usual cast of characters.
March 17, 2010 – For the past 2 Mondays have had the usual Situation Room White 
House meetings with Heidi Avery .  Same theme – she is pushing HHS and I am very 
much on her side. Looks like a plan is taking shape.  I am impressed with the relative 
incompetence of the HHS group.  They seem clueless and short on leadership.  Tom 
Frieden of CDC shines in my mind as an independent thinker with good ideas and a 
person who marches to the beat of his own drum.  
       Gave talk to the NIAID Fellows on a “Career at NIH Monday, 15 March.  They 
loved it.
Radio and TV Correspondents Association Dinner – Black tie at Convention Center.  
Terrific night.  Went alone but met with wide range of the usual cast of characters:  Chris 
Wallace (Fox News – they invited me); multiple Senators, etc.
March 19 – 22, 2010 – Contamination of Rotarix (Rotavirus vaccine from GSK) with 
porcine circovirus (PCV-1).  Spent many hours on conference calls over the weekend 
with FDA, CDC and HHS to determine roll-out.  Difficult issue here is the message.  
There is no indication that there is a safety concern here since PCV-1 does not cause 
disease in pigs or in man; yet this virus should not be in the vaccine.  It was at high 
concentrations even in the seed stock.  The message is that the FDA recommends putting 
a hold on administration of the vaccine  (without pulling it from the market) until the 
situation can be examined more closely.  The potential downside is that this vaccine is 
used mainly in the developing world and if the vaccinations stop, kids will die of 
rotavirus disease.  Merck makes Rotatec, which is used mainly in the USA and so the 
FDA recommends that where possible, clinicians switch from Rotarix to Rotatec.  We 
fully understand that this might not be possible in the developing world and so we 
understand if they continue to use Rotarix.
March 24, 2010 – Continue intense WH meetings with Heidi Avery in Sit Room tonight.  
I finally put together my version of how the USG should take responsibility for the 
advanced development, preferably in a physical facility that we buy or rent.  The facility 
at Texas A & M is a good model.  Heidi really likes the idea.   Laura Petrou called me 
and said that she heard that I was more forward looking about all of this than the FDA 
(Peggy), CDC (Tom) and HHS (Nicki) and wanted to hear from me about my ideas.  She 
was actually receptive.  The issue here is really that HHS does not want the WH (Heidi) 
to get in front of the Secretary.  Yet the HHS process is slow, too cautious and 
bureaucratic.  Heidi still calls me off line for my ideas. 
March 27, 2010 – Phone call on Saturday with Heidi.  She wants to get more money for 
NIAID to help in the process of bringing investigators from concept to very early 
development in order to increase the pipeline of products in addition to all of the things 
that we have been talking about regarding “advanced” development.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 232 ---
230
Mar. 29, 2010 – Continue with the Monday evening weekly meetings with Heidi Avery 
at the WH Sit. Room.  Usual suspects.  Still Heidi pushing and everyone but me pushing 
back.  Peggy Hamburg seems her usual spacey self often not even having read the 
documents that Heidi distributes for comment.  Jesse Goodman (wonderful guy) 
continues to be reserved and cautious in typical FDA fashion, but cannot articulate well.  
Nicki Lurie is a good person, but over her head.  In fairness to her, she is caught between 
a rock and a hard place in trying not to let this get ahead of the Secretary who in my mind 
is distracted or does not really care about this.  Nicki keeps pushing back on Heidi’s 
“transforming initiative”.  Zeke Emanuel comes to most of the meetings and is with Heidi 
and me in wanting to push this.  In typical Zeke fashion, he is brilliant, but shoots often 
from the hip.  Mike Kurilla is doing a great job with me and probably understands the 
proposed process better than anyone in the room. Andy Weber of DoD (assistant 
Secretary) is a good guy, but he is just trying to keep the DoD in the “game”
Mar. 31, 2010 -  Meet with Alan Bernstein (Executive Director of the “Global HIV 
Vaccine Enterprise” (see above comments about my negative reaction to this unnecessary 
group).  Alan is a good guy, but is heading a superfluous organization.  In any event, his 
multiple layers of “working Groups” has come up with a Strategic plan for the 
“Enterprise”.  Peggy Johnston is all over this and so she shields me from the week-by-
week dealings of this organization (I am one of the Founding Council Funders).  Meeting 
in my office with Alan since wants me very much to approve of the plan since NIAID is 
the major world funder of HIV vaccine research. Meeting In NYC next week of the 
Enterprise Council and so he is here to pay respects and make sure that I am on board.  
The Plan is OK, but NIAID will do what we think is best for vaccine development.
Later in the day, the HHS Flu team (me, Nicki Lurie, Jesse Goodman, Peggy Hamburg, 
Tom Frieden, Laura Petrou, Jenny Backus, etc) meets with Sebelius in her private 
conference room.  We present the supposedly penultimate draft of the MCM Review that 
she ordered and that we have been working on for weeks trying to reconcile it with 
Heidi’s initiative.  Nicki gives a terrible presentation; Sebelius is confused as to the 
“scope” of the review that she ordered – was it a review only of medical countermeasure 
(MCM) development or a review of end-to-end process of responsdng to health crises, 
including flu.  I tried to clarify for Nicki, and Sebelius agreed with me. We need to keep 
it focused.   Back to the drawing board on a few issues.  One issue is how much money 
should we ask for in the 2010 flu supplement and the 2011 budget to fulfill some of the 
gaps identified in the review and in what is proposed by Heidi.
April 5, 2010 – After Action Review of the H1N1 response in Nicki and Jesse’s home in 
Bethesda (near the Palisades section).  Beautiful home with magnificent view of the 
Potomac and the opposite Virginia shore.  Beautiful sunny day.  Present – Nicki, Jesse, 
Robin, Steve Redd, Anne Schuchat, Laura Petrou, Makala Ross (OS).  Good discussions.
April 6-7, 2010 – Went to NYC night before and had great dinner and time with Jenny 
and Meg.  I stayed at “W” hotel at Union Square.  Went for run on April 5 evening past 
Larry Kramer’s Apartment; called, but found out later that he was asleep on his couch 
and did not hear the phone.  In front of Larry’s Apt. (2 Fifth Avenue – right across the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 233 ---
231
street from Washington Square Park), ran into Bob Bazell (NBC News), who live in the 
same apartment.
       Next AM (April 7) went to Enterprise headquarters and met with the leadership to 
discuss the “Plan”.  Beautiful day.  I stayed for AM.  Present were Alan, Tachi Yamada, 
Peter Piot (new Chair of Council), Manuel Romaris (EU), Catherine (Kate) Hankins 
(UNAIDS-WHO). Seth Berkley (IAVI), Jose Esparza (BMGF), Peggy Johnston, Yves 
Levy (INSERM), Rafi Ahmed (Emory and chair of the Scientific Committee).  Good 
discussions.  I kept them on track about what NIAID would or would not agree to).
April 14, 2010 – Dedicated the Special Unit at the Clinical Center for vaccine studies.  
Honored Stewart Simonson for the role he played in pushing through the red tape to get 
this done.  Had nice ceremony with Cliff, John Gallin, Gen Jim Gilman (USAMRIID), 
Stewart, etc. Group went to Black’s restaurant on Woodmont Avenue – Bethesda) for 
drinks on the outdoor terrace (pretty cold).
    We continue to have endless meetings with ASPR  on the Medical Countermeasure 
(MCM)  review led by Nicki Lurie with Laura Petrou and Jenny Backus involved.  I now 
attend by conference call since it is a waste of time to go down town for these drawn out 
discussions.  Theme is post-mortem on the pandemic flu response and how do we 
incorporate what Heidi Avery wants into the Secretary’s (HHS) MCM review.  The 
incompetence and amateurishness of HHS crew in general is noteworthy.   I love Jesse 
Goodman, but he just does not get it that the FDA is a major part of the problem; and he 
is one of the very best FDA people.
April 17, 2010 – Was at the Georgetown Harbor near Thompson’s Boat House watching 
Ali’s Varsity Crew Boat compete in a regatta.  Nice Spring day on the Potomac.  Chris 
and I were with the usual parents group including our good friends Liz and David Hayes 
whose daughter Molly is Ali’s “best” friend and boat-mate.  Both will attend Stanford in 
September.  There had been a terrible explosion in an off shore deep-water oil rig a few 
days ago with no apparent oil leak despite the fact that the platform was destroyed, 11 
people died and scores injured.  It was the British Petroleum (BP) Horizon Deepwater 
well.  David Hayes is the Deputy Secretary of the Department of the Interior.  In the 
middle of the regatta, David got a phone call from the White House communications 
people.  Apparently, there is considerable amount of oil leaking from a broken pipe line.  
They were saying that the leak is minimal and David was caught in the middle in having 
spoken to the press and saying that this was serious.  The White House communications 
people were concerned that he said that we have a bigger problem than exists. They were 
apparently giving him some “shit” about this.   David, who recently (last year) had a 
cardiac arrest associated with a myocardial infarction on a golf course, looked shook and 
distracted. I encouraged him to not worry about what the communications people think.  I 
know something about the WH trying to control the “message”. Little did either of us 
know that over the subsequent months would unfold the worst oil spill in history and the 
worst environmental disaster in the history of the USA.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 234 ---
232
April 19, 2010 – Went to the Lasker Board of Directors dinner at the Citronelle 
Restaurant in Georgetown at the invitation of Maria Freire.  Sat next to Al Somer.  Good 
evening, but ridiculous situation where the government people (me, Peggy Hamburg, 
John Gallin, Harvey Alter actually had to pay for our own meal due to misguided conflict 
of interest rules.
April 21, 2010 – Continue to have weekly meetings in the Situation Room of WH led by 
Heidi Avery.  Continued frustration on Heidi’s part about the lack of cooperation on part 
of Nicki Lurie and HHS.  Heidi wants transformation and HHS is conservative, only 
concerned about the Secretary, and “stuck in the mud”.  What a sorry crew.  These 
meeting are started to take a toll on my schedule with having to take the METRO down 
and back and the Red Line being barely functional with amazing slowness and frequent 
mishaps.
April 27, 2010 – Another Sit Room WH meeting to discuss budget and implementation 
of MCM initiative.  Continued tension.  I am with Heidi.
April 28, 2010 -  Busy day.  Two Congressional (House) Hearing in the Rayburn 
Building: 1) Appropriation Subcommittee chaired by David Obey.  I accompanied 
Francis Collins along with Tom Insel (NIMH) and Griff Rogers (NIDDK) to testify.  
Friendly Hearing but budget is depressing – flat.  2) in the late afternoon – House Energy 
and Commerce Health Subcommittee Hearing on Antibiotic Resistance chaired by Frank 
Pallone (D-NJ).  Testified with Tom Frieden.  Typical posturing back and forth between 
Dems and GOPs about Health Care Reform (nothing to do with the subject of the 
Hearing).  We did well.
April 29, 2010 – ICD retreat  - at the Cloisters.  I spoke on the MCM initiative of the 
WH and the NIAID role in this.  Others spoke on translational research.  Much of 
meeting was on translational research.  Clearly the NIH (under Francis) is heading in that 
direction.
April 30, 2010 – Did Congressional Briefing on AIDS research sponsored by AMFAR at 
the Rayburn Building.  Susan Blumenthal chaired it.  Also there was Wafaa El-Sadr.
May 1, 2010 –Went to Saturday Brunch gala at The Haddad/Greenberg residence at 4852 
Hutchins Place, N.W. as a pre- WH Correspondence Ball function.  Featured Susan 
Axelrod of CURES (for epilepsy).  Many of the usual DC glitterati, media and 
Hollywood Stars there.  Saw my old friend Dana Delaney and practically every media 
person I know – David Gregory, Wolf Blitzer, Chris and Kathleen Matthews, etc.
May 2, 2010 -  Annual McLaughlin (now together with Reuters) Sunday Brunch after the 
WH Correspondents’ ball.  Hel at the usual Rooftop of the Hay-Adams Hotel.  Met with 
and spoke with Dennis Quaid who is an advocate of eliminating “Hospital errors”.  His 
child was the victim of a medication error involving a heparin line through which the 
infant was given 10,000 times the dose of heparin.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 235 ---
233
May 5, 2010 – At his request, had meeting in my office with J. Craig Venter.  He wanted 
to brief me and get my advice on how to handle the rollout of his upcoming Science 
paper on Synthetic Biology.  He has made a major advance in synthesizing from the 
sequence in a computer the 1.1 million base pairs of Mycoplasma mycoides and inserted 
it into a Mycoplasma capricolum bacteria.  The synthetic mycoides then began to code 
for the proteins of the bacterial cell wall so that after several replications there was a 
bacteria with a synthetic genome and all of the protein coded for by the synthetic 
genome, thus a synthetic cell.  I advised him to be very transparent at this and present it 
to the NAS, the OSTP, among others.  He has lined up some embargoed press in 
anticipation of the release next week of the paper on May 13. He very much wanted me 
to do heavy press with him likely to add a greater degree of credibility to it as well as 
because I explain science so well.  From today until the House Hearing on May 27, HHS 
and the White House completely muzzled me for ridiculous reasons.  Despite the fact that 
John Holdren submitted my name to the WH as the best person to do TV, radio and print, 
the WH muzzled all government comment on this.  They were “afraid to elevate it 
publicly by having well-known government figures speak about it since they did not want 
flack from the “right” that the government was involved in “creating” life.  
Unbelievable!!   Rick Weiss who is communications director for OSTP is extremely 
distraught about the muzzling.  Of note, this has happened to me throughout the H1N1 flu 
pandemic.  Apparently, besides Jenny Backus, more importantly, David Pfeiffer at the 
White House is now behind the muzzling.
May 6, 2010 – We have been pushing the issue of more resources and activity on 
Neglected tropical Diseases (NTDs) here at NIAID.  Peter Hotez from GW has been a 
leader in this field.  Recently, Zeke Emanuel at OMB has been pushing it as part of the 
POTUS Global Health Initiative (GHI).  Zeke called a meeting of all of the players in the 
field including me, Hotez, Eric Goosby, Raj Shah (Head of USAID), Raj’s assistant Amy 
Batson and many others to discuss the future agenda. The meeting involved research, 
policy, implementation.   NIAID will sponsor a purely scientific meeting later in the year 
(Dec., 2010).
May 7, 2010 - “Big Think” meeting at the Natcher Building of Outside consultants to 
discuss 3 of Francis’s pillars: 1) high throughput technology; 2) Translational Research; 
3) Research involved in enhancing health care reform.  All day.  Francis Collins clearly is 
trying to steer the NIH towards his themes. “Everybody wants to be somebody.”  The 
meeting was geared to figure out how to spend Common Fund Money and how to move 
more towards translational research.  Actually a good meeting.  Francis is smart, very 
hard working, but it is all about Francis.
May 13, 2010 – Gave Keynote at the NIAF Public policy Forum at the Rayburn 
Building.  Typical of similar Italian functions.  Again, continual activity at WH with 
MCM and Heidi.
May 14, 2010 – Phenomenal reception/dinner at the Academy of Achievement on 16th 
Street, N.W. hosted by Wayne and Catherine Reynolds.  Usual stars of DC were there: 
Eric Holder, media people, Gen. James Jones, Bob Barnett, etc., etc.  It was a Tribute to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 236 ---
234
Hal David, master lyricists and team member with Burt Bacharach.  “Mystery” 
entertainers were B.J. Thomas singing “Raindrops keep falling on my head” and the 
amazing Dionne Warwick.   I helped Dionne a few months ago by referring her friend to 
a neurologist for MS.  We had a pleasant conversation after her performance.
May 18, 2010 – Science Management Working Group (SMRG) meeting in Building 31 
to discuss the clinical center issues and the proposition to open it to the extramural 
community in exchange for the inflationary increases being paid for out of the total NIH 
budget instead of just the IRP budget.  Still pending what the decision will be.
     That night had dinner at Assaggi in Bethesda with Mark Harrington, Gregg Gonsalves 
and David Barr to discuss the underfunding of PEPFAR and what to do about it.  In this 
regard, big issue looming among the international and national AIDS advocacy 
community about the POTUS GHI that includes PEPFAR, but funds PEPFAR at almost 
level instead of the expected increases by the community.  POTUS wants to expand GHI 
beyond just PEPFAR and include, child health, maternal health, women’s health, NTDs, 
etc.  Thus, PEPFAR is somewhat competing with others for a limited pot of money.  
Many African health officials such as Peter Mugyenyi are openly complaining about this 
and getting agitated.  Obama is looking in the eyes of the activists as anti-AIDS, which he 
is not.  However, it is clear that AIDS is not his highest priority.
     Earlier in the day I appeared on the Diane Rehm show on just this topic of short-
funding of PEPFAR.  On with me was Stephen Lewis (former UN envoy at large for HIV 
and Peter Mugyenyi and Eric Goosby.  Lewis as usual was sanctimonious.
May 21, 2010 – Waxman’s House Energy and Commerce committee want me to testify 
on May 27 with Craig Venter and others on synthetic biology and the science paper that 
just came out.  White House is balking.  I spoke with staffers Naomi Seiler and Steve 
Cha.  Both really want me to testify.
May 25, 2010 – Received the Joel A. Toubin Award for Advocacy on Behalf of HIV 
Infected People from the Whitman Walker Clinic at the Embassy of Sweden at 2900 K 
street on the Georgetown Waterfront.  Amazingly beautiful day.  Reception on the 
rooftop with panoramic views of the Potomac, Watergate, the Key bridge, etc.  Check out 
my speech
May 26, 2010 – Met with Francis Collins, Harold Varmus (recently announced as new 
NCI Director, John Burklow (OC for OD), Kathy Hudson, and Pat White (Leg for NIH 
OD) regarding the disturbing Administration policy of “muzzling” NIH and other 
government scientists (see discussions above).  Conclusion is that we must strongly 
suggest to John Holdren (POTUS Science Advisor) that he directly tell the POTUS that 
scientists, particularly at NIH are being muzzled by the WH  and HHS communications 
people.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 237 ---
235
    The evening (beautiful, warm Spring DC evening) went to the Annual National 
Education and Leadership Awards (NELA) Gala at the Omni-Shoreham Hotel given by 
the Sons of Italy Foundation.  Bill Clinton received the Lifetime Award for Public 
Service.  Came 1 hour late, but gave a great speech on public service.  Also awarded was 
Captain Anthony Odierno who lost his left arm to an RPG attack on his Humvee in 
Bagdad.  His father General Raymond Odierno introduced his son.  Tear-jerker for sure.  
Also awarded was Lewis Merletti, former WH Secret Service detail and ultimately Chief 
of the Secret Service; decorated Viet Nam vet (Bronze Star).  Patty Conrad knew him 
when she worked in the Bush 41 WH.  Says he was a very nice person.  Sat at the table 
with Bob Gallo and Phil Piccigallo.  It is interesting that after all these years I have 
become somewhat of an icon to the older and younger Italian men and women, many of 
whom wanted their picture taken with me.
White House finally clears me to testify tomorrow
May 27, 2010 – testify before House Energy and Commerce Committee on synthetic 
biology related to the Science paper by Venter et al on the synthesis of Mycoplasma 
mycoides and insertion into a Mycoplasma capricolum to ultimately have a totally 
synthetic bacteria.  Testified with Craig Venter, Jay Kiessling (Berkley), Greg Kraebnick 
(Hastings), Drew Endy (Stanford).  Hearing went extremely well.  Some posturing by 
GOPs on Health Care reform, but in general, we all did very well.
June 5, 2010 – Met with Rick Klausner at my house for catch-up.  He is in town to meet 
with OSTP regarding preparedness issues similar to the types that I have been working on 
with Heidi Avery.
June 8-11, 2010 – Visited RML for the BSC review.  Went with Patty Conrad, Kathyu 
Zoon, Karyl Barron etc. Had very nice time.  Went fishing twice with Marshall Bloom 
and Patty and a great guide named Jack Mauer.  Fishing not good due to high water from 
rain.  Nonetheless, it was a wonderful time.
June 12, 2010 – Flag day at NCS.  Alii took the Science, Math and Spanish Prizes.  She 
would have won the Flag (for highest GPA over 3rd and 4th year) but an English teacher 
who is a known asshole gave her an  A-.
June 13, 2010 – Graduation Day at NCS.  Feeling very sad that my baby (Ali) will be 
leaving us for Stanford in the Fall.
June 15, 2010 – Had dinner at the home of the Italian Ambassador to the USA (Villa 
Firenze – 2800 Albermarle Street, N.W.)   I wanted to do this since he is the new 
ambassador and I have over the years become variably friends with the Ambassador.  The 
previous one was Giovanni Castanaletta.  The current one is Giulio Terzi di Sant’Agata.  
I was fortunate enough to sit next to him at the dinner table and so got to know him.  
Spoke about a wide variety of subjects from Afghanistan to the Oil spill in the Gulf of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 238 ---
236
Mexico to the economy to science in Italy versus the USA.  Very nice guy.  Also at the 
dinner were Bob and Mary Jane Gallo, Susan Blumenthal and a bunch of Italian Pharma 
people and diplomats.
June 17, 2010 – Met with Minister of Health of Taiwan today to discuss potential 
scientific collaborations.  He said that I was “famous” in Taiwan….interesting.  Jean 
William (Bill) Pape visited from Haiti today and gave lecture at Masur Auditorium.   He 
is a good friend and invited Megan to visit Haiti.  He is in DC to receive an award for the 
amazing work that he has done in Haiti related to the earthquake.
June 24, 2010 – Met with Minister of Health of India Ghulam Nabi Azad to discuss 
collaborations.  Sharp guy – enjoyed discussion.
June 29, 2010 – Went with Chris to South Lawn of the White House to celebrate her 
election to the Bioethics Commission.  Turned out it was a massive get together on a very 
hot day for all Presidential appointees.  They were completely disorganized in getting 
people cleared through the gates and it was a logistic disaster.  The delay was probably 
related to multiple checking of IDs related to the “gate-crashing” of a WH party a few 
months ago.
July 11, 2010 – Went to Atlanta for the day  (Sunday) to give plenary at the CDC 
sponsored international Conference on Emerging Infectious Diseases.  Hot July day.  I 
shared the Plenary opening evening addresses with Tom Frieden and Kevin DeCock.  
Good camaraderie among CDC people and me.  Came back to DC that night.
July 12, 2010 -  Attended swearing in of Harold Varmus as the new Director of the 
National Cancer Institute.   Starting to do a lot of press in anticipation of the International 
AIDS Meeting in Vienna next week.   Am looking forward to this meeting since I am 
giving a Plenary Lecture on Pathogenesis of HIV Disease: Opportunities for 
Interventions.   
July 18, 2010 – Leave for Vienna (Sunday) – Disaster for travel – flight cancelled on the 
runway, switch from direct flight to Vienna (Austrian Airlines) to United to Frankfurt 
connecting to Vienna.  United flight sits on IAD runway for 2 hours due to thunder 
storms – miss connection in Frankfurt.   Finally get the Vienna on Monday afternoon 
(19th July).  Trying to stay cool and un-ruffled.   Good to have Johanna McDonough meet 
me at airport.  She had rescheduled me from IAD to get me to Vienna.  She is a life-
saver.
July 19-21, 2010 – Really great meeting in Vienna.  My talk was a knockout.  Also, very 
good press from Vienna – PBS Newshour, CNN, WTOP, CBS radio, also NY Times, 
Washington Post, etc.   Meeting was a complete success.  We announced the results from 
the CAPRISA microbicide trial.   First success with topical microbicides.  
July 22-23, 2010 – Good press follow-up from meeting – NPR Science Friday among 
others.   Note that we have been going through a record breaking heat wave on the East 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 239 ---
237
Coast with a concentration in DC.   Temps between 92 and 101 F for the past several 
weeks.   Welcome to Washington!
    Also, over the past 2 weeks I have been informed that I have won the Paul Janssen 
Prize from Belgium ($100,000.00) (cannot take the money since the prize is sponsored by 
J & J – what bullshit).  Also won the Will Roger Prize for $50,000.00 (yes, I can accept 
the money).  To be given to me in LA – am looking forward to this.
This has been a very busy, hot, exciting summer.   Am chronically tired, but good things 
are happening, particularly in the lab (a4B7) and with commentary papers that I am 
writing including some really nice ones with Gary Nabel on HIV vaccine and universal 
flu vaccine.
Aug. 4, 2010 – Memorial service for Bob Chanock, giant in virology for 50 years at 
NIAID.   Died of complications from Alzheimer’s disease.  Major figure in virology 
research – discovered M. pneumonia; several parainfluenza viruses, his groups also 
discovered norovirus (Norwalk agent), made vaccine for rotavirus and hepatitis A, etc.  I 
gave one of the eulogies at his service.
Aug. 5, 2010 – Dinner with Larry Corey who has just been offered and accepted 
President and CEO of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, where he 
has worked for many years.   Big career decision regarding his future role in helping lead 
the HIV vaccine effort as PI of the HVTN.
Aug.  18, 2010 – Big controversy regarding the conflicting studies of the role of XMRV 
(xenotropic mouse leukemia virus-related virus) in chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS).   2 
papers coming out almost simultaneously from FDA (Shy-Ching Lo)/NIH (Harvey Alter) 
in PNAS and the CDC in Retrovirology. FDA/NIH finds correlation (86% vs 8.% in 
normals), while CDC finds no correlation.   I have been involved in trying to get to the 
bottom of this prior to publication of the discordant results since we knew of the data 
before the papers were published.   I believe that the FDA/NIH study is contaminated and 
I do not believe Shy Lo since in the late 1980s he had claimed with what appeared to be 
fool-proof data that AIDS was associated with a new species of mycoplasma (M. 
fermentans) as a co-factor.   The data proved to be spurious,, but people seem to have 
forgotten about this.  I have convinced Ian Lipkin from Columbia (Mailman School of 
Public Health) to referee coded sample examination of FDA looking at negative samples 
from CDC study.   The exercise was somewhat inconclusive.   Lo does not want to do 
another study starting with identical CFS samples that are coded together with known 
normals and known spiked samples to really settle this.   The issue is that highly 
emotional CFS crowd now wants to treat CFS people with anti-retroviral drugs, despite 
no evidence of causality and several negative studies besides the CDC study.
Aug. 19, 2010 – Finally had formal roll-out of the Medical Countermeasure (MCM) 
review and initiative together with PCAST Report re: 2009 pandemic flu.  Roll-out was 
at HHS led by Secretary Sebelius.   I presented the NIH component of the 5 part initiative 
which is the Concept Acceleration Program (CAP) and the Strategic Investment (SI) 
program (a 501 3(c) similar to a venture capitol firm).  Other initiatives were regulatory 
Science for FDA, manufacturing capacity, enhance influenza capability (potency assays, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 240 ---
238
sterility assays, etc.).   All of this evolved greatly from the many meetings that we had 
over the past year in the White House Situation Room with Heidi Avery.  We finally 
came to some compromise in the tension between the WH (Avery) and HHS (Lurie-
Sebelius).
Nov. 2, 2010 – Mid-term Elections!  In a strong repudiation of what some consider the 
over-reaching liberal policies of President Obama, the Republicans take of the House by 
winning 60+ seats and lick up many in the Senate.   Pelosi out as Speaker and John 
Boehner (R-Ohio) in.   Much upheaval with some Tea Party Candidates winning seats.
Nov. 8, 2010 – Visited Holy Cross College to deliver the Inaugural Joseph E. Murray, 
M.D. Distinguished Lectureship in Medicine.   Joe Murray (class of ’40) had won the 
Nobel Prize for performing the first kidney transplant.   I gave the lecture to a full house 
at the Hogan Campus Center at Holy Cross in Worcester.  Write-ups in Boston Globe and 
Worcester Telegram.   Old friends came to see the lecture from my class of 1962 – Bob 
(and Peggy) Curran, Jim Mulvihill, Pete Deckers.  Best part of the evening was the 
appearance (stayed for dinner and the lecture) of Bob Cousy who had said that he was so 
proud of what I had done for the country and the world that he wanted to come to meet 
me and hear my lecture.   He was attentive and engaged for the entire lecture in the first 
row.   During the day before the dinner and lecture, I met for hours with students (almost 
all pre-med and mostly women).   They were great and we had fun.   They said that I was 
“cool” and “awesome”
Nov. 23-24, 2010 – Big advance in HIV prevention research.  The iPrEx study results for 
pre-exposure prophylaxis (PreP) for prevention of HIV infection in MSM came out on 
11/23/10 in the NEJM showing 44% decreased risk in Truvada arm versus placebo.   
Importantly, for those who took the drug 90% or more of the days, decreased risk was 
73%.  For those with blood levels of Truvada vs those without blood levels, the risk was 
decreased by 92%.   Big media days for me – Front page of NY Times, CNN Situation 
Room with Suzanne Malveaux, multiple print medias, Canadian and European TV, Local 
Fox News, several NPRs including “Talk of the Nation”;  The NewsHour. This will be an 
important addition to the toolkit of prevention methods.
Megan spending the first semester of 3rd Year in Morocco.   Somewhat stressful, but 
extraordinary experience.   She is an amazing young woman.  I am actually in awe of her 
courage and adventurous spirit.
Dec. 1, 2010 – World AIDS Day – Gave presentation at The White House and 
participated in panel led by Eric Goosby together with Chris Collins, Ada Adamora, 
Jennifer Cates.   My thene was 1)  Optimizations of Therapy; 2) Go for a cure; and 3) 
Maximize prevention.
Dec. 1, 2010 through Jan. 19, 2011 – In general, nothing overwhelming.  Economy 
recovering; still strident partisanship in Washington, D.C.   Health care reform passed, 
and no Republicans voted for it – amazing.   NIH budget looking bad.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 241 ---
239
Dec. 8, 2010 – Science Management Review Board (SMRB) of NIH (of which I am a 
member) has been and continues to discuss Francis Collins’ intention of merging NIDA 
and NIAAA, dissolving NCRR, as well as and more importantly creating a National 
Center for the Advancement of Translational Science (NCATS) at NIH to include the 
CTSAs and CAN RAID TRND and Molecular libraries.  Francis is dead set on starting a 
new center and is using the SMRB to endorse it.   I have made it clear that I do not think 
that this is a good idea since it is redundant (nothing broke).  Also, bad idea at a time of 
flat, if not decreasing, NIH budget.
Dec. 9, 2010 – Major breakthrough in NIH prevention with the results of the PrEP study 
(iPrex) showing that daily Truvada to uninfected MSM decrease acquisition of HIV 
infection by 44% and in those who take the meds every day, it decreases acquisition by 
90%.   I did much media on this
Dec. 13, 2010 – Major outbreak of Cholera in Haiti.  Traced to contaminant of a river 
(used for drinking and washing in rural part of Haiti) by UN Nepalese soldier with 
asymptomatic cholera.  I appear of Diane Rehm show discussing cholera.
Dec. 17, 2010 – I deliver the Walter Dzau lecture at Brigham and Women’s Hospital 
(invited by Paul Farmer) on “30 Years of HIV/AIDS:  A Personal Journey”.  
Overwhelming hit with prolonged applause.   I spoke of my involvement from first day 
and told the story of the “Birth of PEPFAR”.
Jan. 14, 2011 – Appeared on Anderson Cooper 360 on CNN in NYC for a special on “30 
Years of AIDS”.   There will likely be increasing media events this year since this is 
indeed the 30th Anniversary of the recognition of AIDS.
Jan. 15-16, 2011 – Was Keynote Speaker at a Keystone Meeting in Vancouver, BC on 
Tuberculosis.   Large (~800) audience, mostly post-docs.  Very well received.
Feb. 15-16, 2011 – Went to San Juan to deliver the Opening Keynote at the 
NIAID/CDC/PAHO-sponsored Dengue Symposium.  Great time.  In accordance with my 
expanding to more emphasis on Global Health and Emerging Diseases.
Feb. 24-26, 2011 – Parents’ Weekend at Stanford.   Absolutely wonderful time to see Ali 
in her beautiful school setting.   Spent prior night in SF with Chris at the Queen Anne’s B 
& B and went to Jackson-Fillmore Restaurant.   Days at Stanford were great.  Saw 
women’s basketball team clinch the PAC -10 championship for the 11th year in a row by 
defeating Oregon.   Also, saw #1 ranking woman tennis player (Barte) and men’s 
volleyball (ranked 4th in Nation).
Mar. 7, 2011 – Town Hall meeting for non-HIV clinical trials network.  Sensitive issue 
in that Carol Heilman still is not enthusiastic about it.  However, I made it clear exactly 
what we are going to do.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 242 ---
240
Mar. 9, 2011 – Gave opening lecture at NTD Workshop at Natcher Building.  Continue 
to stress Global Health.
Mar. 15, 2011  -  White House communications people at it again.   Last week (Mar. 11, 
2011) a terrible tragedy hit Japan with a 9.0 scale earthquake in the NE part of the 
country almost immediately followed by perhaps the worst tsunami in recorded history of 
Japan destroyed much of the NE Coast.   Importantly, it knocked out the cooling system 
of the Fukushima Daiichi Atomic Power Plant leading to multiple explosions and 
meltdowns with radiation spillage and leakage.  As of today (4 days later) the extent of 
the potential disaster is still not known, i.e. how much radiation exposure will occur.   
Thus, we (NIH and me personally) are getting the expected calls from the press regarding 
the medical aspects of acute radiation syndrome (ARS) – what it is and how you treat it.  
The White House is not granting any clearances for me or anyone at this point to talk to 
the Press.   Amazing!!   Same as with the Pandemic Flu early on.
    
Mar. 21, 2011 – Was invited by the Bush family to a Kennedy Center event which was 
“The Points of Light Institute TRIBUTE – All together Now – A Celebration of Service”.   
Bush 41 sent me a hand-written note thanking me for my meager $150.00 donation. At 
the event were Presidents George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush, Jimmy Carter and Bill 
Clinton.   Clinton gave an amazingly moving talk about his friendship and love of Bush 
41.  Entertainment was terrific: Garth Brooks, Kid Rock, Cee Lo Green, Carrie 
Underwood, Darius Rucker, among others.   Brought back very fond memories of my 
interactions with Bush 41 as well as other Presidents during the past 30 plus years.
Mar. 29, 2011 -  Appeared on the Colbert Report.  Great success!   Had a great  time and 
received hundreds of e-mails and calls and personal mention of how good the 
performance was.   Reason for the appearance was the approaching 30th anniversary of 
first cases of AIDS.
April 7, 2011 – Gave World Health Day remarks at PAHO for Secretary Sebelius.
April 10, 2011 – Dinner at Mark Dybul and Jason Claire’s home at 1340 Wallach Place, 
N.W. with Tom Sietsema (Washington Post Food Critic), Zeke Emanuel, Chris, etc.
April 12, 2011 – Gave Solomon Berson Lecture at Mt. Sinai in NYC – “30 Years of 
HIV/AIDS:  A Personal Journey”.   Got prolonged standing ovation.   Will be stressing 
this in coming weeks as we approach June, 2011
April 15, 2011 – Went to Charlottesville, VA to see Danny Hultzen pitch against Duke.   
He was great.  7 innings shutout.. ERA now 1.19.   Sure thing for 1st Round MLB draft 
pick
May 1, 2011 – Navy Seal Unit 6 kills Osama Bin Laden in a compound right next to a 
Pakistani Military base is Abbottabad.  Big rift now between USA and Pakistan sine we 
believe they were either incompetent or knew all along where he was.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 243 ---
241
May 11, 2011 -  Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing for the 2012 NIH budget.   
Really bad budget times with the feeling that we are doing really well with only a 1.9% 
increase from 2011 for the PB.   Republicans (most Tea Party people) trying to cut 
discretionary spending back to 2008 level, which would be devastating for NIH.   Francis 
Collins trying to push the NCATS (National Center for Advancing Translational 
Science).   I think this is a big mistake (“everybody wants to be somebody”).   This is no 
time to initiate this, but  some  of the pols, some in the scientific community who are 
clueless, and others think this is a good idea.   Harold Varmus and I have grave 
reservations about this (me particularly) since I believe that it will have the unintended 
consequence of sucking money away from standard NIH research to out into a Center 
that is Francis’s baby.   We are already doing $6 Billion in translational research at NIH.
May 12, 2011 – Big announcement of early stopping of HPTN 052, which is randomized 
trial among 1763 heterosexual discordant couples to see if immediate treatment with 
ARVs (350-550 CD4 counts) versus delayed treatment (wait until fall to 250 or AIDS-
defining illness) has an effect on transmission.   Overwhelming response.   27 infections 
in delayed arm and 1 transmission in immediate arm  (p <0.0001).   I held press briefing 
and got front page in all major papers – NY Times.Wash Post, WSJ; appeared on NBC 
Nightly News, CBS Evening News, CNN International, etc.
May 17, 2011 – The press, scientific, public health and general public interest in the 
HPTV-052 results in becoming huge.   I appeared on New Hour (interviewed alone by 
Ray Suarez) as well as NBC Today Show.  Have done taped interviews with Mark 
Schoofs that will appear on the Website of WSJ.
May 18-26, 2011 -  Much activity and interest (real buzz) on part of global activists to 
use the 052 data to pressure the USA (Obama and USAID/PEPFAR) to increase funding 
and re-prioritize the emphasis on treatment since it is also prevention as well as emphasis 
those prevention modalities that have been scientifically proven to work such as 
circumcision (which is now effective at 68% at 40 months into the follow-up study in 
Rekai, Uganda).   I am speaking mre openly on interview about pressing the 
administration to give more money.   Feels like the old days of the beginning of PEPFAR 
when OMB ridiculed me for asking for so much money and then everything broke lose 
with PEPFAR.
    On May 26, I met at the headquarters of the WH Office of the Global AIDS 
Coordinator (OGAC) with Eric Goosby, Reinhard Schwartzlander (UNIADS), Carl 
Dieffenbach, Tom Frieden (by phone), Debbie Birx (CDC- GAP Prgram), people for 
USAID, and State.   I made the argument that there is an elephant in the room and that is 
that we MUST put more resources into treatment since we now know that it is in fact 
prevention and we will either pay now or pay more later.  Eric Goosby was so pleased 
that I backed what he really wants and needs but since he is a POTUS appointee, he 
cannot be too up front about.   See below his email of May 26, 2011  to me after the 
meeting:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 244 ---
242
Tony:
You achieved what we needed for OMB and State leadership get a feel of the 
breakthrough and the context of the O52 findings, largely due to your clarity , candor and 
authenticity…  thanks my friend
Eric
 
PERSONAL 
This email is UNCLASSIFIED. 
May 27, 2011 – Taped  interview with the WSJ appeared   today .   Long and excellent 
interview.
May 29, 2011 -  My Editorial appeared in the Sunday Opinions Section of the 
Washington Post entitled “30 Years of AIDS”.   Many people e-mailed and called about 
it.   Again, the momentum building up about a change in paradigm to support universal 
voluntary testing and universal access to treatment and care.
May 31, 2011 -  Delivered lecture at NIH on “30 Years of HIV/AIDS:  A personal 
Journey” in Masure Auditorium.   It likely was the most widely attended lecture in NIH 
history.  Julie Marquardt ()NIAID) kept track.   The attendance completely filled Masur 
Auditorium (492 people), overflow completely filled Lipsett Auditorium (260) and 1130 
people watched  on Webcast.  In total, 1947 people watched the presentation live, either 
in person or via webcast..   Incredible amount of attention to the 30th Anniversary.   As I 
have said, the press attention to me and my field varies from intensity to very low levels.   
This is one of the periods of extreme intensity.
June 1, 2011 – Took Amtrak to NYC to give Commencement Address at Albert Einstein 
College of Medicine Commencement at Lincoln Center.   Incredibly hot and sunny day in 
NYC and DC – up to mid-90s.   Came back home to find the air conditioning in my 
house broke – Oy!
June 2-5, 2011 – Press interest continues.  Was on NBC Nightly News on June 5 and 
Fox Local News as well as Canadian Broadcasting System (CBC)
Also, big outbreak of Shiga-Toxin producing E.Coli (STEC) diarrhea and Hemolytic 
Uremic Syndrome in Germany and other countries in EU related to contamination of 
bean sprouts.   >1600 people affected with ~600 HUS and 22 deaths.  Was on BBC with 
Katty Kay discussing this.
June 6, 2011 -  Had my BSC review for LIR.   Rating was “Outstanding” all around.
June 7, 2011 – Much activist activity brewing regarding the upcoming UN Special 
Session on AIDS this week.   Funding countries are refusing to commit to putting up the 
resources to get 13 to 15 million people on treatment by 2015.   On the basis of HPTN -
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 245 ---
243
052 (see above) I have been arguing forcibly that we need to make the investment now or 
else not only will lives be lost, but we will have to pay more later for the infections that 
we could have prevented.   See my interview published  today  in Nature with Erika 
Check Hayden
Drug treatment for HIV infection is effective in preventing its spread, but implementing 
this fully will require more resources, says leading NIH scientist.
Erika Check Hayden 
Anthony FauciBloomberg News/Landov/Photoshot
This week, political leaders meet in New York for a United Nations summit that will 
frame the ongoing fight against HIV/AIDS. The conference comes a decade after the UN 
meeting at which heads of state committed the first major funding to the battle; as a 
result, 6.6 million people are now receiving antiretroviral drug therapy to keep their HIV 
infection under control — 22 times the number in 2001, according to estimates by the 
Joint UN Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS).
But 9 million people who need treatment are still not getting it, and global economic 
woes threaten to weaken international AIDS programmes. Anthony Fauci, head of the US 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, explains what scientists hope the 
UN meeting will achieve.
How is the research landscape different going into this meeting than it was a decade 
ago? 
A considerable number of people have been put on therapy. But for every person who 
goes on therapy, two or two-and-a-half people get newly infected, so there's been this 
question of the balance between treatment and prevention. 
A real game changer occurred just a few weeks ago with the clear demonstration in 
heterosexual couples that when you start treatment earlier rather than later, you not only 
benefit the person infected, but that person is also 96% less likely to transmit the virus to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 246 ---
244
their uninfected partner than if they were not treated (see 'HIV treatment shown to 
prevent spread of virus'). So people can say with a good deal more confidence that 
treatment is prevention.
What does that imply for global AIDS policy? 
We have now so many types of prevention in our armamentarium, including treatment. 
So rather than have the tension between treatment and prevention, as there was 
previously, let's try to seek out, test, and treat as many people as we possibly can, because 
when you treat people, you are doing prevention. So that brings up the big question — 
which is that it's going to require a lot of resources.
How do you frame that question? 
The fundamental policy decision is: is it better to make investments now, even with the 
restricted resources we have available, and slow down or even get control of the 
pandemic, rather than not making the investment now, and only having to pay down the 
line, and possibly paying more. 
The UN wants countries to commit to treating 13 million people by 2015 at a cost of $22 
billion, but this would not even treat all the people who will need it by that time. Is this 
where we should aim, given what we know about treatment as prevention?
It's a reasonable goal. The issue at hand — the big elephant in the room — is are the 
parties responsible able to come up with the resources to make this happen? We have a 
confluence of enormous opportunity to turn around the global pandemic at the same time 
that we have an almost unprecedented constraint on resources. This is going to be the 
subject of some serious discussion in New York. Despite the constraints on resources, we 
have a real opportunity not only to save a lot of lives, but in the long run, to save money. 
Many researchers are now saying that we have the tools needed for effective 
prevention, and social phenomena are the main obstacle to slowing the spread of 
HIV (see Comment: '
Stigma impedes AIDS prevention'). What more can 
researchers do to solve this problem? 
It isn't as if we're going to be able to access every individual immediately, but there are 
programmes that can be enhanced that will allow us to penetrate into those areas of 
society that have been difficult to reach. Can we do this tomorrow? No, but we don't have 
to. We can start doing it over the next couple of years and we'll get better and better at it. 
What are researchers looking for out of the meeting? 
What I'm going to do in New York is put the data on the table. There's no more doubt that 
treatment can serve as prevention. My purpose is to say to policy makers: here are the 
data; you have to make up your mind about whether you want to implement the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 247 ---
245
programmes that have been proved to work — to make it almost scientifically obvious to 
them what they need to do. 
June 8 – July 1, 2011 -   Much activity and excitement around my coming out publicly 
pushing for more resources for expanded treatment and prevention for global HIV/AIDS.   
The activist community is delighted.   I will past in  below the editorial that I wrote in 
Science that was published by agreement with the Science editors to be ready for the 
International AIDS meeting in Rome as well as the note that Gregg Gonsalves sent to his 
list-serve (every activist in the world) regarding my note.
Science 1 July 2011: 
Vol. 333 no. 6038 p. 13 
DOI: 10.1126/science.1209751 
 
EDITORIAL:
AIDS: Let Science Inform Policy
1. Anthony S. Fauci
+ Author Affiliations
1. Anthony S. Fauci is director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD. 
1. E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov. 
CREDIT: NIH 
Thirty years have passed since the first cases of acquired immune deficiency syndrome 
(AIDS) were reported by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. How does 
this anniversary compare to the 20th or the 10th? The differences are considerable, 
because we now have an unprecedented opportunity, based on solid scientific data, to 
control and ultimately end the AIDS pandemic. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 248 ---
246
More than 60 million people have been infected with human immunodeficiency virus 
(HIV) worldwide. More than 30 million have died, and 34 million are currently living 
with HIV infection. In 2009, the most recent year for which data are available, 2.6 
million people became newly infected. The burden of HIV/AIDS is overwhelmingly felt 
in resource-poor countries, especially in sub-Saharan Africa, which are least equipped to 
deal with the disease. Although the toll is staggering, the scientific progress in HIV/AIDS 
research over 30 years has been extraordinary, particularly in the development of 
antiretroviral therapy (ART), which has proven to be life-saving to many millions. 
CREDIT: FOTOSEARCH 
For decades, the idea of ending or even controlling the pandemic was a distant aspiration 
because we lacked sufficient evidence-based tools to convert the hope to reality. At this 
30th anniversary, the situation has dramatically changed: We finally have scientifically 
validated prevention modalities that clearly work, suggesting that ending the pandemic is 
feasible. Older, proven prevention tools include the proper use of condoms, needle 
exchange programs for injection drug users, and antiretroviral treatment of HIV-infected 
pregnant women to prevent transmission of the virus to their newborn infants. Building 
on this foundation, recent HIV prevention research also has provided strong scientific 
evidence that adult male circumcision is highly effective in preventing infection in 
heterosexual men, that an antiretroviral-based topical gel prevents infection in 
heterosexual women, and that pre-exposure prophylaxis with ART in men who have sex 
with men is effective at preventing infection. And in May 2011, a randomized controlled 
clinical trial demonstrated that early initiation of ART by the infected partner in 
heterosexual couples, where one partner is HIV-infected and the other not, is highly 
effective in decreasing transmission of HIV to the uninfected partner. 
The fact that treatment of HIV-infected adults is also prevention gives us the 
wherewithal, even in the absence of an effective vaccine, to begin to control and 
ultimately end the AIDS pandemic. Of course, the development of an AIDS vaccine 
would be the ultimate game-changer, and efforts toward this goal are intense. However, 
the existing armamentarium of scientifically proven interventions immediately offers an 
unprecedented opportunity to make major gains in the fight against HIV/AIDS. Global 
implementation of HIV interventions, including scale-up of the delivery of ART, must be 
accelerated, and this will be costly. Certainly, there are many competing priorities for 
scarce resources in the global health arena, such as other infectious diseases, maternal 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 249 ---
247
and child health, and tobacco control. But if one accepts the tenet that science should 
inform policy, then the scientific data are speaking loud and clear. Global policy-makers 
must seriously consider these new data in their priority-setting and decision-making. 
Last month, world leaders at the United Nations General Assembly Meeting on AIDS 
called for providing ART for 15 million people in low- and middle-income countries by 
2015, an increase from the 6.6 million currently receiving therapy, plus additional efforts 
toward universal access to HIV prevention, treatment, and care. An estimated $22 billion 
to $23 billion annually will be needed by 2015; current spending is approximately $16 
billion. Such targeted investments could prevent 12 million infections and 7.4 million 
AIDS-related deaths by 2020. For the first time in the history of HIV/AIDS, controlling 
and ending the pandemic are feasible; however, a truly global commitment, including 
investments by those rich and middle-income countries whose contributions have thus far 
been limited, is essential. Major investments in implementation now will save even 
greater expenditures in the future; and in the meantime, countless lives can be saved. 
July 1, 2011 – E-mails from Gregg Gonsalves:
-----Original Message-----
From: Gregg Gonsalves [mailto:gregg.gonsalves@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 01, 2011 6:55 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Brilliant Science Piece
I think it will go down as one of the most important pieces written in 
these past 30 years. It will either begin a new push to vanquish the 
disease from the Obama Administration and other world leaders, or seen 
as Cassandra's last warning, where even despite the science, the 
evidence, the world turns their back on this opportunity.
g
--
Gregg Gonsalves
100 York Street
University Towers, 10-D
New Haven, CT 06511
Email: gregg.gonsalves@gmail.com or gregg.gonsalves@yale.edu
Mobile: +1-203-606-9149
-----Original Message-----
From: Gregg Gonsalves [mailto:gregg.gonsalves@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, July 01, 2011 7:22 AM
Subject: Fauci in Science: Ending the Pandemic is Feasible
http://www.sciencemag.org/content/333/6038/13.full (scroll down for 
text) This is one of the most important pieces to be written on 
HIV/AIDS in a very, very long time. Dr. Fauci is a cautious scientist 
and for him to step out so publicly, so unequivocally in this way, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 250 ---
248
particularly when he works for an Administration, which is unlikely to 
heed his words, is a tremendous statement of moral and political 
courage.
I am not quite sure what we do now here to ensure that Tony's words 
aren't just a call-in-the-wilderness.
The big AIDS organizations in the USA don't have the inclination or 
even the ability to take on the President or the Congress.  Both 
branches of government know we're a paper tiger: a movement with a few 
loud voices, a few people willing to put their bodies on the line, but 
with little ability to affect their political lives. Unless the big US 
AIDS organizations step up at this moment they will continue their 
march into irrelevance for history.  They can continue to issue press 
releases about how much the President has done and continue to kiss the 
ass of those in power, but that makes them sycophants, not leaders.
The rest of us have to get to work: we need to mobilize and get our 
governments to make a new, substantial and sustained commitment to 
HIV/AIDS, to TB, to maternal and child health, to global health.  We 
need to meet with parliamentarians, legislators, ministers and mayors.
We need to write in our local papers about what Tony's words mean now 
for us: we can end this epidemic or beat it back deep into the corner.
This is our year.  The legacy we leave behind will either be our 
victory or an epidemic without end, passed down to our children and our 
children's children, a plague upon their houses.
Gregg
Science 1 July 2011:
Vol. 333 no. 6038 p. 13
DOI: 10.1126/science.1209751
EDITORIAL
AIDS: Let Science Inform Policy
Anthony S. Fauci
Anthony S. Fauci is director of the National Institute of Allergy and 
Infectious Diseases, U.S. National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD.
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov.
Thirty years have passed since the first cases of acquired immune 
deficiency syndrome (AIDS) were reported by the U.S. Centers for 
Disease Control and Prevention. How does this anniversary compare to 
the 20th or the 10th? The differences are considerable, because we now 
have an unprecedented opportunity, based on solid scientific data, to 
control and ultimately end the AIDS pandemic.
More than 60 million people have been infected with human 
immunodeficiency virus (HIV) worldwide. More than 30 million have died, 
and 34 million are currently living with HIV infection. In 2009, the 
most recent year for which data are available, 2.6 million people 
became newly infected. The burden of HIV/AIDS is overwhelmingly felt in 
resource-poor countries, especially in sub-Saharan Africa, which are 
least equipped to deal with the disease. Although the toll is 
staggering, the scientific progress in HIV/AIDS research over 30 years 
has been extraordinary, particularly in the development of 
antiretroviral therapy (ART), which has proven to be life-saving to 
many millions.
For decades, the idea of ending or even controlling the pandemic was a 
distant aspiration because we lacked sufficient evidence-based tools to 
convert the hope to reality. At this 30th anniversary, the situation 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 251 ---
249
has dramatically changed: We finally have scientifically validated 
prevention modalities that clearly work, suggesting that ending the 
pandemic is feasible. Older, proven prevention tools include the proper 
use of condoms, needle exchange programs for injection drug users, and 
antiretroviral treatment of HIV-infected pregnant women to prevent 
transmission of the virus to their newborn infants. Building on this 
foundation, recent HIV prevention research also has provided strong 
scientific evidence that adult male circumcision is highly effective in 
preventing infection in heterosexual men, that an antiretroviral-based 
topical gel prevents infection in heterosexual women, and that pre-
exposure prophylaxis with ART in men who have sex with men is effective 
at preventing infection. And in May 2011, a randomized controlled 
clinical trial demonstrated that early initiation of ART by the 
infected partner in heterosexual couples, where one partner is HIV-
infected and the other not, is highly effective in decreasing 
transmission of HIV to the uninfected partner.
The fact that treatment of HIV-infected adults is also prevention gives 
us the wherewithal, even in the absence of an effective vaccine, to 
begin to control and ultimately end the AIDS pandemic. Of course, the 
development of an AIDS vaccine would be the ultimate game-changer, and 
efforts toward this goal are intense. However, the existing 
armamentarium of scientifically proven interventions immediately offers 
an unprecedented opportunity to make major gains in the fight against 
HIV/AIDS. Global implementation of HIV interventions, including scale-
up of the delivery of ART, must be accelerated, and this will be 
costly. Certainly, there are many competing priorities for scarce 
resources in the global health arena, such as other infectious 
diseases, maternal and child health, and tobacco control.
But if one accepts the tenet that science should inform policy, then 
the scientific data are speaking loud and clear. Global policy-makers 
must seriously consider these new data in their priority-setting and 
decision-making.
Last month, world leaders at the United Nations General Assembly 
Meeting on AIDS called for providing ART for 15 million people in low- 
and middle-income countries by 2015, an increase from the 6.6 million 
currently receiving therapy, plus additional efforts toward universal 
access to HIV prevention, treatment, and care. An estimated $22 billion 
to $23 billion annually will be needed by 2015; current spending is 
approximately $16 billion. Such targeted investments could prevent 12 
million infections and 7.4 million AIDS-related deaths by 2020. For the 
first time in the history of HIV/AIDS, controlling and ending the 
pandemic are feasible; however, a truly global commitment, including 
investments by those rich and middle-income countries whose 
contributions have thus far been limited, is essential. Major 
investments in implementation now will save even greater expenditures 
in the future; and in the meantime, countless lives can be saved.
--
Gregg Gonsalves
100 York Street
University Towers, 10-D
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 252 ---
250
New Haven, CT 06511
Email: gregg.gonsalves@gmail.com or gregg.gonsalves@yale.edu
Mobile: +1-203-606-9149
--
Gregg Gonsalves
100 York Street
University Towers, 10-D
New Haven, CT 06511
Email: gregg.gonsalves@gmail.com or gregg.gonsalves@yale.edu
Mobile: +1-203-606-9149
July 16-22, 2011
Gave Plenary Address at the IAS Meeting in Rome on “30 Years of HIV/AIDS: A 
Scientific Journey and Look to the Future”.   I emphasized at the end that “Science 
should inform policy” as per my recent Science Commentary.   I received a prolonged 
ovation from the crowd of >4000.   Clearly one of my best plenary talks ever.
Aug. 4, 2011 -   During a trip to NYC to give a lecture at Columbia on “30 years of 
HIV/AIDS:  A Personal Journey”, Ian Lipkin arranged a closed pre-screening of the new 
movie :Contagion” at the Warner Brothers headquarters in NYC.   Ian served as the 
technical advisor and wanted to get my take on the movie.   Also at the screening were 
Sanjay Gupta (CCN), the dean of Columbia Mailman School of Public Health, the 
Commissioner of Health of NYC and other notables.   The press asked  me my opinion, 
which was that it was an excellent film that was quite accurate scientifically.   I was 
widely quoted  in blogs about this.
August 23, 2011 -    Unusual experience – 5.9 Richter Scale earthquake hit Mineral, VA 
with severe shaking of Building 31 such that some of my plaques fell off of the shelves.   
Shock was felt as far North at Cape Cod.   Jenny, Ali and Denise and Jack were in NYC 
and they felt it.
August 226, 2011 – Washington, D.C. hit by Hurricane Irene that went up the entire east 
coast.   Much damage.   We were lucky in that although many trees came down, our 
house and cars were spared.   However, I stayed up until 4:00AM nervously looking out 
the window at the large oak tree in my back neighbors yard  whose branches were 
shaking violently.   Importantly, I was very concerned about the 2 giant tulip poplars that 
are in my front yard  whose branches were also shaking wildly.   Luckily we made it 
through the night.   Storm also hit NYC where Jennifer is living.
    Amazing coincidence that during the same week in DC, we got an earthquake and a 
hurricane.   Odds of that must be 1 in several million.
Sept. 11, 2011 – 10th Anniversary of “9/11”.  Much commemoration going on in NYC 
and DC.   Of note last week on Sept. 9 went to meeting in White House EEOB 530 with 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 253 ---
251
Eric Goosby, Gayle Smith  and David Lane, Jeff Crowley and Dana DeRuiter (White 
House); Lois Quam (USAID), Ariel Pablos-Mendez (USAID), Tom Frieden on the 
phone; Nils Daulaire and Howard Koh (DHHS) and others.   Purpose of the meeting was 
to plan a strategy that the WH and the POTUS should take in addressing and utilizing the 
recent scientific advances associated with HIV prevention, particularly treatment as 
prevention (HPTN-052) in turning around the HIV pandemic.   In essence it was a 
meeting to figure out how we can implement what I proposed in Rome at the IAS 
meeting in July, 2011.   Eric Goosby and Gayle Smith want me to directly brief the 
POTUS on this.   It remains to be seen whether this happens.  Clearly, the activists want 
more money to go to PEPFAR for treatment and prevention.   However, there are major 
budget constraints.   The WH is afraid of demonstrations during the upcoming IAS 
meeting in Washington in the summer of 2012 – right before the election.   They have to 
walk a fine line between promising more money, which will inflame the right and doing 
nothing, which will inflame the left.   It seems that they are calling me in to help them 
with this.   More later……
Sept. 13 -14, 2011 – Beautiful crisp sunny day in DC.   Started 09/13/11 with breakfast at 
the Four Seasons in Georgetown at 7:00 Am with Bill Gates. Also present from the Bill 
and Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF) was Stefano Bertozzi.   The theme was that Bill 
is reluctant to fund (with NIAID) the proposed South Africa (RSA) and Thailand vaccine 
trial for licensure since he thinks that the companies are charging too much money for the 
protein (env – made by Novartis).   In addition, he does not think that the results will lead 
to a marketable product.  However, we need the private sector or else we will never get a 
vaccine made for HIV.   The quid pro quo for us is that if we go with a regulatory 
(licensure) trial in RSA and Thailand, the companies (Sanofi-Pasteur and Novartis) will 
work with us on a research trial of comparing several products in RSA, which is what we 
really want.  I convinced Bill that this was a necessary evil and that although it was an 
imperfect situation, it is still the only deal around since the product – Pox  Vector + 
Protein boost was the one that gave the only positive result in a vaccine trial to this point 
(RV144 – conducted in Thailand 2 years ago).   In addition, there are some possible 
correlates of immunity associated with RV144.   We ended the breakfast with a mutual 
commitment to work together on this.   Also, Bill had some interesting a  bit “off the 
wall” ideas about making a universal virus vector into which you can insert genes of 
important neutralizing antibodies for different microbes that can be an instantaneous 
antibody factory for bioterror organisms as well as for HIV, merely by changing the 
insert.   Also, Bill does not believe in treatment as prevention from a practical or logistic 
point of view.
     Went on to participate in a 2 day meeting run by the George W. Bush Presidential 
Center –  “The Summit to Save Lives” held at the Mellon Auditorium on Constitution 
Avenue, N.W.   I was on the panel to discuss the leveraging of PEPFAR resources and 
infrastructure to do screening and treatment of cervical cancer in Africa and Latin 
America.  I studied up on HVP and cervical cancer and we the “scientific expert” on the 
panel that included Eric Goosby (PEPFAR), Grosbeck Parham (C0-Director of Cervical 
Cancer Prevention program, Zambia), Dr. Beatrice Wiaffe Addai – president of Breast 
Care International.  Panel Chaired by Jennifer Griffin, National Security Correspondence, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 254 ---
252
FOX News.   I was very well received by the audience that was filled with the elite of 
Global Health.   President George W. Bush mostly presided over and attended the entire 
meeting.   When he heard in a subsequent talk Michel Sidibe (UNAIDS) mention my 
name as the person who is pushing treatment as prevention, the POTUS turned around 
and said “Is Fauci here?   I want to talk to Fauci”. He had come in after my Panel.  After 
his talk when he was leaving for the afternoon for the dinner (see below), Josh Bolten 
rushed my to him and he turned around, gave me a big hug and asked how I was doing.   
In typical fashion, he jokingly asked if I was still employed   He gave a speech as did 
Laura Bush, Hillary Clinton, Nancy Brinker (Susan G. Kamen for the Cure), Michel 
Sidibe (where he mentioned me).  
That night we had a dinner at the home of Lea and Wayne Berman at 3055 Whitehaven 
Street, N.W.   Very festive and met many of friends.   Sat with Gary Edson and Lois 
Quam at dinner.   Took picture with the POTUS and Laura and Nancy Brinker.   As we 
were lining up for the photo, the GWB put his arm around me and I said that he looked so 
rested and relaxed that it was great to see him this way.   He responded with a laugh:  “So 
are you saying that I looked like shit when I was President?”  
        Following day (09/14/11) Condi Rice gave a great speech and I had a nice chat with 
her afterwards.   She praised me for continuing to do “such great work for our country 
and the world”.   All in all, a great 2 days.
Sept. 22, 2011 – I received the C. Everett Koop AIDS Public Health Leadership Award 
at the Dirksen Senate Building.   Presented to me by Chick Koop and Rep. Henry 
Waxman.   Extraordinary ceremony that was a “Tribute to Dr. Fauci”.   I was somewhat 
embarrassed in that so many people said some many flattering things about me at the 
symposium (where I gave the Keynote) and at the reception thereafter held at the Capitol 
Visitors Center.   Secretary Sebelius and Deputy Secretary Bill Corr came to the 
reception and praised me as did several IC Directors (Nora Volkow, Griff Rogers, Susan 
Shurin); also Jean-Francois Delfraissy (Head of INRS) flew in from Paris to honor me.
Sept. 23, 2011 – Took Amtrak to NYC for the Lasker Awards since the NIH Clinical 
Center won the Bloomberg-Lasker Public Service Award.  I got caught in a downpour 
without any taxis in sight and so had to run to Penn Station in the rain (40 blocks) to 
catch the train back to DC.
Sept. 24, 2011 – Went to 95th Birthday Party for Chick Koop at the Koshland Museum of 
the NAS.   I gave a laudation.   Chick had insisted that I be there to give the laudation.   
Of note, I did the same thing at his 80th, 85th, and 90th birthdays.
Sept. 30, 2011 – Had TURP at GW Hospital by Hrant Semerjian.   Overnight in hospital; 
catheter out on AM of Oct.3; appeared on The NewsHour that same night to discuss 
implications of Nobel Prize in Physiology or medicine to Bruce Beutler, Jules Hoffman 
and Ralph Steinman for innate (TLR) and adaptive (Dendritic cells) immunity.  
Oct. 13, 2011  - Over the past week or so, I have been going back and forth with Gayle 
Smith (National Security Staff at White House), Lois Quam from State and Eric Goosby 
(PEPFAR) and Hillary Clinton’s (HRC) speechwriter (Josh Daniels) to put a speech 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 255 ---
253
together for HRC on the same subject that I spoke on in Rome – “The Science has now 
shown that we can end the AIDS pandemic – we need to implement”   Only difference is 
that she will say that we can do it by increasing efficiencies PLUS  having other partners 
(donors and host countries) put in a greater share. I said that we should put in more 
resources.   The speech spins off the document mentioned above that we were asked to 
put together following the Sept. 9 meeting (see above).  The main issue is that we will 
raise our goal of 4 million on treatment through PEPFAR by 2013 to 6 million by 2013.   
With much input from me and CDC, Eric Goosby put together a nice document 
explaining the importance of increasing this goal and having certain host countries such 
as South Africa and Rwanda assume more of the cost of treatment so that we can 
concentrate on countries with less resources such as DRC, Cameroon, Malawi, 
Zimbabwe.  Also, we can use more bulk purchases etc.
TODAY – (10/13/11) we had an important meeting in the Situation Room of the White 
House from 4:00 to 5:30 PM.   Gayle Smith instigated the meeting.   It was a Deputies 
Meeting chaired by Denis McDonough (Deputy National Security Advisor – Deputy to 
Thomas Donilon).   He was very good and sympathetic to our goal.   Also there were: 
Cheryl Mills, Eric Goosby, Tom Frieden, Steve Kosiak from OMB, Ariel Pablos-Mendez 
Nancy-Ann deParle, Dana DeRuiter from NSS, Samantha Power (NSS), Charles Hohman 
(OGAC).  They called upon me to explain the scientific basis for our pushing to do more 
to turn around the trajectory of the Pandemic.   I explained the details of HPTN-052.   
Great meeting – this may lead to an acceleration of our efforts.  Also, Denis McDonough 
asked us to put together a “Blue Sky” proposal that would ask for more resources in 
addition to the increased efficiencies that we are already planning. We may not get more 
money, but we can probably show the leadership to inspire others to invest more, i.e. 
other rich countries.   More later…….
Oct. 17-19, 2011 Eric and I among others worked on a paper that gave 2 options: 
Scenario 1 – increase efficiencies and have host countries take more responsibility and 
thus shift PEPFAR money to treatment as prevention.   This ill raise the bar for goals to 6 
million people on PEPFAR-paid Tx by 2013 and 8 million by 2015.   Scenario 2 – get 
$2.5 billion more money from 2013-2015 and raise goal to 8 million on treatment by 
2013 and 10 million by 2015.   Mathematically modeled (done by CDC), this would “tip” 
the curve (of incidence) of the pandemic more sharply downward and would also have 
many secondary benefits of saving lives and hospitalization.   Denis McDonough now 
refers to this as the “Fauci curve”.
Oct. 20, 2011 – Met again in WH Situation Room with Denis McDonough chairing and 
the same people there with Tom Frieden by videoconference.   Continued discussion 
about “Blue Sky”.   I again vigorously defended the concept of  our golden opportunity at 
this point.  Problem is that OMB feels that we will never get new money passed through 
Congress and State might have to “eat” the $2.5 billion if we actually pursue  Blue Sky.   
I suggested getting group of CEOs involved (as per my upcoming WSJ – CEO Council 
meeting that I will chair on Nov. 15).   Denis thought that it was a great idea and will 
bring it to the POTUS.   Again, budget problems may stand in the way of a visionary 
breakthrough of “tipping” the pandemic.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 256 ---
254
Oct. 24, 2011 – Met again at the WH (EEOB 439) with the usual cast of characters.   
Gayle Smith chaired the meeting.  Denis McDonough not there.   Main issues again is the 
reluctance of USAID (Ariel) to buy into the idea of expanding treatment as a way to “tip 
the curve”.   He suggested moving the money from the efficiencies of PEPFAR treatment 
(see above) to non-treatment prevention modalities.   Eric Goosby tried to explain that the 
non-treatment prevention modalities (PMTCT, AMMC – adult medical male 
circumcision) are already maxing out and any increasing or not are due to other issues 
besides resources.   I arguing strongly against  Ariel and reminded people that this was a 
POTUS initiative to increase Tx.   Below is an e-mail that I sent to Gayle Smith after the 
meeting clarifying my stance on this.
Gayle:
   Thanks for running an important and sometimes contentious meeting today. You do it 
masterfully.   Please read my comments below and then you can either accept them or 
throw them out if you wish and I will still be your  friend.   Here goes…    Eric,  Ariel, 
and I, and hopefully Tom Frieden will get together by phone tomorrow to try and hash 
out and hopefully resolve the issues that were brought up today regarding standard 
prevention versus  treatment as prevention.  It appears that Ariel and USAID feel that in 
an arena of a flat budget, the money saved by efficiencies in treatment should be turned 
over to standard prevention modalities as opposed to expanding the number of people on 
treatment (which is also prevention).  As Eric will explain to Ariel tomorrow on our 
phone call, the model that has been developed  takes all of these issues into account and 
the standard prevention modalities such as adult male circumcision and PMTCT to which 
Ariel is referring can be maximized in a number of ways without significant increases in 
resources, whereas putting more people on treatment clearly requires more money.   You 
can treat the same number of people with less money by efficiencies, but the only way to 
get more people on treatment with a flat budget is to use the savings from 
efficiencies.  As we have been discussing, this will have the effect of preventing more 
infections at the same time as saving the lives of the infected people who would now be 
receiving treatment.  This also results in other economic and social benefits.  Although 
you are trying to be fair to all points of view, in my humble opinion, if we go to the 
Principals giving them  a choice of the two approaches, we will confuse them. I believe 
that they need to look at  a single proposal that we have already agreed upon in our 
discussions and decide if they are comfortable with it.  Another point that seems to have 
gotten lost by some in today’s discussion in the fact that, as I mentioned at the end, we 
are talking about a potential game changing initiative by the POTUS that could be a 
legacy.   We are not talking about  competition for limited money that might go to other 
areas.   Another issue is that the activist community would support the POTUS in an 
initiative with no new money, but that includes a plan to increase the numbers of people 
on treatment by the mechanisms that we had discussed with you and Denis.   If he comes 
out with a plan to divert savings from treatment efficiencies to  non-treatment programs, 
the constituencies will be infuriated.  Sorry for taking your time with this e-mail.   I just 
felt that I needed to express my thoughts to you.  Talk to you soon.
Best regards,
Tony
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 257 ---
255
Oct. 25, 2011 – Raj Shah (Administrator of USAID) called me at 1:30 PM to get a better 
feel of my position on treatment as prevention.   I thought that he would have a problem 
with it, but he was really asking if it was better to target people with very early infection 
since they are most likely to spread infection.   I explained to him that although this was 
the case, they represent a relatively small fraction of infected people and they are very 
difficult to identify at this early stage.
    I found out later in the day from Cheryl Mills (Chief-of –Staff to Hillary Clinton) that 
Bill Gates had told Hillary that treatment as prevention was a waste of money and would 
not work.   Hillery (HRC) heard from Eric that Bill Gates is probably the only person in 
the world who felt this way and that is exactly what I told Cheryl (see my breakfast with 
Bill Gates above).  It seems that HRC is to meet with Raj today to get his opinion and so 
that is why Raj called me.   Also, HRC will come to NIH on my suggestion to give 
speech on this subject on Nov. 8.   I helped drafting her speech.
Oct. 26, 2011 – Conference call with Eric, Ariel, me, Charles Holman and various people 
from USAID, PEPFAR, and CDC (Tom Frieden) trying to hash out the difference 
between Eric/me/Tom and USAID.   It appears (maybe) that we have convinced Ariel 
that our model is valid.   More to come.
Oct. 31, 2011 – Another WH (EEOB 430A) meeting regarding above topic.   Chaired by 
Gayle Smith.   Also there was Amy Batson (USAID), Lois Quam, and Tom Frieden by 
phone.  Cold crisp day in DC.   Fall is here!   Again the tension between USAID goals 
and PEPFAR goals become clear.   USAID is trying to enhance their own agenda, which 
in my opinion has failed with their spending millions on prevention messages that do not 
work.   They are trying to derail the PEPFAR “scale up by efficiencies” initiative.   Ariel 
is turning out to either be naïve or nefarious.   I always heard that he was a good guy, but 
he and USAID team keep insisting that the efficiency money should go either to a 
broader GHI or to enhancing the non-treatment prevention agenda (PMTCT, AMMC, 
condoms, etc.).   The PEPFAR/Fauci/CDC agenda is to use the efficiencies to scale up  
Tx from 4.2 million by 2013 to 6+ million by 2013.   This should reach 8 million by 2015 
without any additional funds.   If you go to “blue Sky” of +$2.5 billion from 2013 to 
2015, you will go from 8 million in 2013 to 10 million in 2015.   The PEPFAR model 
also assumes and enacts a maxing out of the non-treatment prevention modalities.   
USAID disagrees and want to use efficiency money to favor non-treatment as Prevention.   
This is what Ariel is saying.   After meeting with Eric Goosby, Ariel seems more 
convinced that the PEPFAR model may be OK.   However, what does Raj Shah 
think????
Nov. 1, 2011 – Dinner with Rick Klausner at Matisse Restaurant on Wisconsin Avenue 
and Fessenden.   Discuss the Qatar initiative, see above and below.  But, conversation 
turned to Raj Shah and the PEPFAR/USAID story.  Bottom line is that Raj has been 
talking with Rick and it appears from Rick and my prior conversation with Raj that Raj is 
not against treatment as prevention (TAP); however, he does not like the model and want 
to do it differently.   (More on Qatar later – stick with USAID/PEPFAR for now)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 258 ---
256
Nov. 2, 2011 – 7:30 AM Get call from Rick Klausner who is having breakfast with Raj 
Shah and Rick wants to set up teleconference with the 3 of us at 11:00 AM to discuss the 
above issues.   On the call Raj dances around a bit, but what he really wants is a big 
initiative using PEPFAR money.   He does not say so explicitly, but that is really what he 
wants.   He does not want the efficiency money to pay for 6 million of TAP by 2013; he 
want 5.5 million for TAP and the rest for a full-court-press initiative to see in a selected 3 
countries if maximizing both non-TAP and TAP prevention will actually end the 
pandemic.   I explain that there is not enough money to do this, and besides, the 
expectation is to TAP, not do a study to prove that it could be done.   He agrees with me 
that we should do both within the constraints of budget.  He is sure that the POTUS will 
like this initiative since it is a scientifically-based approach (give me a break!!!).   The 
big elephant in the room is that USAID has been wasting $100s of millions on prevention 
approaches (like behavior change) that do not work.   They should use this $ to do their 
proof of concept full-court-press approach, not try to siphon off PEPFAR money (I did 
not say that, but this clearly was the elephant).   Raj wants the have Eric, himself and I 
put together another proposal to this effect.
      After the call Rick e-mailed me and asked for a follow-up call.   On that call Rick 
explained that what Raj really wants is to spend all of the efficiency money on the 3 
country demonstration project and that this would be the POTUS initiative.   They (Rick 
and Raj) just do not believe that PEPFAR/CDC model.  Also, (amazingly), Raj admits to 
Rick that the USAID has been wasting $100s of millions, but he is not up to taking on the 
USAID bureaucracy.   Rick is disappointed in him and thinks that he is being weak and 
has told him so.   However, rick is in favor of the concept since he has issues with 
PEPFAR.
Based on this, I arranged a teleconference with Tom Frieden (at Atlanta airport), Eric, 
Charles Holmes, and some PEPFAR people and CDC people to discuss all of this.   Tom 
Frieden was furious at USAID.   He says that they have been wasting $ for years and now 
they question what CDC proposes, when CDC has been saying for years that they should 
have been scaling up AMMC and PMTCT instead of wasting money on behavior.   
Clearly, Raj is a young, brilliant guy who is extremely ambitious (that is OK), but he 
wants control of PEPFAR resources.  Frieden is dead against this PEPFAR is obviously 
against this.   So am I.  The original question was to use efficiencies to scale up TAP, not 
to try something that USAID should have been doing all along with their own $.   The 
idea of nailing down whether we can end the pandemic with a full-court press (FCP) is a 
good one, but there are no resources available.   I propose that we do both the PEPFAR 
plan and the FCP, the latter with $ that we get from additional sources.  
     White House meeting scheduled for Nov. 9.   Everyone wants me there, but HHS will 
have to decide who the “Plus one” is with Sebelius.  Of note, I am scheduled to go to 
Seattle on Nov. 9 for a town hall meeting and a seminar sponsored by Lee Hood and the 
Institute for Systems Biology.
Bill Gates is trying to undermine the initiative on upscaling TAP.   See e-mail below 
from MSF to me sent on 11/02/11:
Dr. Fauci, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 259 ---
257
Congratulations on getting NIH-supported HIV research the airing it 
deserves at the highest levels of government. We are all looking 
forward to Secretary Clinton's speech at the NIH next week.
We are trying to use the USG momentum to leverage new commitments from 
the UK for World AIDS Day. So far DfID and other government actors are 
interested in a "step up" initiative that we have also been pitching to 
USG, South Africa, and Germany to pay for implementation of accelerated 
treatment.
Today we had a bit of a minor set back: the Secretary for Development 
Andrew Mitchell just heard from Bill Gates at a Tory event "Friends of 
International Development" that HPTN 052 will not yield great effects 
and the role of ART in limiting incidence is more limited than what is 
being portrayed. It was unfortunate.
It would help greatly if the policy makers in government could hear the 
science themselves. If the All-Party Parliamentary Group on AIDS 
invited you to give a briefing, and we arranged for high-level 
meetings, could you attend? Would an invitation by civil society and 
MSF suffice? And, hardest question of all-- do you have any free days 
where you could be in London in November?
Thank you,
Sharonann
--
Sharonann Lynch
HIV/AIDS Policy Advisor
Access to Essential Medicines Campaign
Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF)
Tel: +1.646.824.3066
Email: sharonann.lynch@msf.org
Also see below e-mail from Nov. 3 from Michael Iskowitz describing what 
the community actually is hearing about.   It is amazing how things 
leak sinceI have told no one what I am doing regarding USAID, PEPFAR 
and the WH.
Finally, tonight (11/02/11) went to Book Signing party at Hay-Adams 
Hotel for Chris Matthews on his new book “Jack Kennedy – Elusive Hero”.   
Another example of the A group of Washington.   It is clear that at age 
70, being on the public/political/media scene for >30 years, I am 
extremely well-known and even friends with so many public figures, who 
merely on the basis of my being on TV/Radio/newspapers, etc. and the 
fact that we run into each other at so many of these functions have 
gotten to know me well.   Just a sampling of people at event: Andrea 
Mitchell; Alan Greenspan; Sens. Chris Dodd, John Kerry; Rep. Ed Markey, 
Jim Moran; Howard Feinman; Murrey Jacobson; Luke Russert; Gloria 
Borger; Joe Scarborough; etc.   Had animated conversation with my 
friend Ed Markey regarding the disgraceful conduct of the Banking 
Industry and Wall Street.   The “Occupy Wall Street” movement is 
gaining momentum.  The Republican scramble for the nomination is hot 
and heavy
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 260 ---
258
Nov. 3, 2011 – Incredible day.  Theme is my trying to hold together the 
evolving proposal to scale up combination prevention with treatment as 
prevention (TAP) being a major component of the scale-up as described 
above.  Tension is USAID and Raj want to spend most of the efficiency 
money on concentrating and ending the epidemic in 3 chosen countries as 
opposed to going with the PEPFAR/CDC/FAUCI plan of scaling up 
combination prevention across the board and doing a demonstration full 
court press (FCP)in selected pockets of the countries that we have 
selected: Botswana for CDC; Zambia and South Africa for NIH; Tanzania 
for USAID.  Spent all day on calls individually with Tom Frieden, Eric 
Goosby, Mark Dybul, Raj Shah (in the evening).   Raj call was at the 
suggestion of Rick Klausner who says that I am the only person who can 
broker a deal between PEPFAR and USAID.   We need USAID to support our 
proposal at the WH meeting next week (Nov. 8 – the evening of 
Secretary’s Clinton’s speech at NIH.   I have cancelled Seattle to ne 
at the WH meeting.   WH house wants me and Frieden to represent HHS, 
i.e. “plus 2”.   Mark Dybul agrees somewhat with the need to have a 
bold announcement as per Raj, but we all know that there is no new 
money.   Rick also feels that way.   However, what neither of them 
fully appreciate is that the “demonstration project” described above is 
in reality a FCP in a selected group within countries.   I had 
important call with Raj.   I leveled with him and said that although he 
is proposing putting all of the PEPFAR efficiencies towards a FCP in 3 
countries and scrapping the PEPFAR Plan, he should look to “clean his 
own house” and create efficiencies within USAID and use that money to 
scale up the 3 country approach and make it more of a FCP, i.e. I am 
proposing a “hybrid” of the PEPFAR plan and the USAID plan since we all 
need each other and we need to provide the POTUS with a proposal that 
is scientifically sound, bold, yet not unrealistic, and that does not 
require significant new money.   Of note, Hillary Clinton will propose 
$60 million of her money to beef up that “demonstration project”  I 
called for a meeting tomorrow to see if Raj, Eric, Tom and I could 
figure out a compromise with me as the referee.
Also see below e-mail from Nov. 3 from Michael Iskowitz describing what 
the community actually is hearing about.   It is amazing how things 
leak since I have told no one what I am doing regarding USAID, PEPFAR 
and the WH.
tony dearest.  
i just wanted to thank you for helping to create and drive another landmark moment in AIDS 
history. 
i continue to do consulting with eric -- who remains forever grateful for your friendship and 
extraordinary leadership. 
i am honored to have have many decades now of watching you work your magic -- forever urging 
that if we remain steadfast and
follow the science, together we will win. 
bless you for -- behind the scenes and in front of the cameras -- shaping another historic 
moment. 
know that i talk with eric frequently and if there is anything i can for you directly -- please know i 
always stand ready.  
thank you for being you and for all you do for the world, 
if i am not at the NIH on tuesday -- i am certainly there in spirit!
much love,
michael 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 261 ---
259
Nov. 4, 2011 – I cancelled most of my AM calendar to attend meeting at 
8:00 AM in Eric’s OGAC (Office of Global AIDS Coordinator) office at 
2100 Pennsylvania Ave, N.W. (suite 200).   At meeting was the 4 of us.  
After about 90 minutes I got everyone to accept the “Fauci hybrid 
plan”.   Raj agreed (as I suggested last evening) that he come up with 
about a few hundred million in efficiencies from USAID.   Eric will try 
to find more efficiencies from the PEPFAR “Pipeline”, all to beef up 
the demonstration project and perhaps include another country such as 
Nigeria.  However, we will all need to see if our respective 
demonstration projects could effectively absorb an additional few 
hundred million $.   We will work on this over the weekend.  More to 
come.
Also today met with Dr. Abdelali Haoudi, VP for Research of the Qatar 
Foundation at the recommendation of Rick Klausner with whom I had 
dinner on Nov. 1.   Great meeting with Abdelali.  Introduced him to JJ 
McGowan, Kathy Zoon and Marv Kalt to help him with using the NIAID 
model to get his Qatar intramural and extramural program set up.   I 
think that we could turn out to be friends.
Nov. 5-6, 2011 – Continued strain between USAID (Raj) and PEPFAR (Eric 
and Charles) in that Raj just does not want to give in about pushing 
for “doing things differently”.   Nov. 5-6 is the weekend and 
Department of State (Lorrie McHugh – communications) as well as Cheryl 
Mills are lining up people (activists, etc.) to write blogs in 
anticipation of Sec. Clinton’s Speech at NIH.  Her speech (which I have 
been deeply involved in writing follows the PEPFAR model, not the USAID 
model.  They have asked me to do an editorial for the NY Times giving 
the scientific basis HRC’s speech.  I worked all weekend and got a 
great piece which I have circulated to Cheryl Mills, Burklow (NIH), 
HHS, etc.
Nov. 7, 2011 -  Full court press in preparing for Clinton visit and 
speech.   Again, I get call from Raj Shah wanting me to support his 
“doing things differently”.   I believe that he really does not fully 
understand what PEPFAR is trying to do.   He wants to scale up heavily 
in high impact countries and not go for just scaling up prevention and 
TAP. We are too far down the pike to change now even if we decided to 
change.  Hillary’s speech is tomorrow as is the White House Principal’s 
meeting in the Situation Room.   Ariel Ramos seems more convinced that 
the PEPFAR model will work now that he has examined the models more 
closely; however, Raj is still skeptical.
Nov. 8, 2011 -   Beautiful, crisp, sunny Fall day!   Fabulous event 
with Clinton visit.   Francis and I greeted her at the South entrance 
of the NIH Clinical Center.   Also waiting in background was Harold 
Varmus and Nora Volkow.   Warm and engaging conversation with HRC.   I 
showed her a picture of her and me at the Clinical Center during her 
first visit in Feb., 1994.   I welcomed all of the dignitaries to the 
Masur Auditorium, said some warm words (see files) about the 
relationship between HRC and me and then introduced Francis Collins who 
introduced her.  She gave a great delivery of the speech that I helped 
write.   Overwhelmingly positive response from audience and press and 
bloggers immediately after.   I sent in my Op-Ed to the NY Times (see 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 262 ---
260
files) and then went to White House for Principals Meeting in Situation 
Room at 3:45 PM.   Present were: Hillary Clinton, Jack Lew (OMB), Denis 
McDonough (NSS), Chaired by Tom Donoline, Samantha Powers, Tom Frieden, 
Raj Shah, Eric Goosby, Gayle Smith, Ariel Pablos-Mendez, etc.   We 
agreed upon Option #2, which is greater efficiencies to provide more $ 
and scale-up of non-Tx prevention as well as increasing the PEPFAR 
target for prevention  to 6 million by 2013 and 8 million by 2015.  I 
stressed to Tom Donoline that the POTUS should strongly call upon more 
involvement by other donors, particularly China.   He agreed.   Of 
note, Susan Rice teleconferenced in from NYC and she voted strongly for 
Option $3 (Blue Sky), which would require an additional $2.5 Billion.   
This is a good sound bite, but Jack Lew pointed out that given the 
budget situation, the POTUS would have to back off on commitments that 
he has already made to other programs in order to do this.  Hillary 
pointed out that this was not tenable.   She also pointed out that we 
needed to address the ADAP waiting lists.
Amazing situation.   After returning from the White House, I heard from 
Courtney Billet and Greg that HHS contacted us and said that although 
they had no problem with the Op-Ed (see above) and actually cleared us 
to send it to NY Times, the “White House” told HHS to have recall the 
Op-Ed since it is “off message”.   Still not sure what they mean since 
State, HHS and everyone else approved it.   Could be because I called 
for more resources as well as more “efficiencies”
Another amazing situation – At around 7:00 PM, Raj Shah calls me up and 
asks me to call a meeting with him, Eric and me to see if we could 
modify the proposal that was agreed upon at Principal’s Meeting!!!.. He 
still insists that the POTUS needs to come out with something 
“different” and suggests using “pipeline” money from PEPFAR/USAID.   He 
wanted me to broker the meeting.   I contacted Eric and bless his 
heart, he is willing to meet.   Meeting scheduled for 8:30 AM in Eric’s 
office tomorrow.
Nov. 9, 2001 – Still no information on why the WH ordered me to recall 
my Op-Ed.   Have e-mailed Gayle Smith (NSS).  I will explain situation 
to her tomorrow and see if she has any insight.
Meeting did not occur at 8:30 AM because of scheduling issues.  Will 
try to do a call tomorrow
Nov.10, 2011 – Got some insight from Gayle, but am afraid she is not 
telling me everything.  She claims that she heard discussion about my 
Op-Ed at the WH, but not by WHCOMS.   Issue was whether it was a good 
idea to put it out right after HRC’s speech since it already got  great 
PR and so why waste a Fauci Op-ED.   Perhaps better to wait until the 
POTUS does World AIDS Day.   This could be true, but who knows?   Gayle 
did say that the OMB people might have been concerned by the couple of 
words that said we need significant increases in resources, including 
from other donor countries.  This implies needing more USG resources, 
which would obviously bother OMB.   However, I could easily have 
changed this to say we need significant new resources FROM other donor 
countries.   In any event, Gayle assured me that the Op-Ed was not “off 
message” in the substance of its content.   We will hold onto it for 
now.   Having said this, here is another example of the ridiculous need 
to control the “message” on the part of this White House.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 263 ---
261
Back to the Raj Shah intrigue.   On Raj’s suggestion, Yesterday’s 
scheduled meeting now a phone call among me, Eric, Raj, Tom Frieden.   
Raj wanted to again bring up the possibility of doing something ”big” 
since he feels that the POTUS will not have another opportunity.  After 
much discussion we explained to Raj again that “Blue Sky”, i.e. $2.5 
billion will never get by OMB or the Congress and even so, the best way 
forward according to the models is not to just pick out a few countries 
and full-court-press.   Raj goes along and we think it is over.
Apparently, immediately after the call, Raj calls Rick Klausner asking 
him to convince me to not give in and adopt his plan.  Rick calls me on 
my way to The Inn at Little Washington for my delayed 70th birthday 
present from Denise from last December.  We are in the limo (rented by 
Denise) and Rick tries to convince me to re-convene the group.   He 
says that Raj feels that I am the only one who could do this.  Raj just 
does not want to give up.   However, out of want to go the extra mile, 
I will call up Eric and Tom.
Nov. 11, 2011 – I call Eric and Tom and explain situation with Raj.   I 
convince them to give it one more try. Both are extremely skeptical, 
impatient and wary of Raj.  However, I indicate that we must ask Raj to 
be very specific in what he wants to do and how he wants to do it and 
where are we going to get the money.   Raj has always been very vague 
about all of these issues.   He just keeps saying that what Eric is 
proposing is old stuff and incremental and that he wants to suggest to 
the POTUS something big and transforming.   I will write an e-mail and 
detail the conditions of another teleconference and/or meeting.
Nov. 15, 2011 – At the invitation of Alan Murray (Senior Editor of Wall 
Street Journal) I spoke at the Wall Street Journal-sponsored CEO 
Council event at The Four Seasons in Georgetown.   My purpose was to 
convince the CEOs to get involved in supporting financially and 
otherwise the Global AIDS Pandemic activities.  They were OK, but 
somewhat clueless about the importance of global AIDS.   In retrospect, 
billionaire philanthropists would be a better audience.
     That evening went to a reception at Bill Heseltine’s house for 
Geena Davis.   She remembered our prior discussions during her visit to 
NIH.   She is lovely – very tall, but lovely.
Nov. 19, 2011 – Gave Keynote Address at the Caribbean AIDS Conference 
in The Bahamas.   The Atlantis Hotel is surrealistic.
Nov. 21 – 30, 2011 – Spent hours on the phone trying to address the 
ADAP waiting list since we (HHS/PEPFAR) felt that if the POTUS 
announces a scale-up of treatment for PEPFAR, then the logical question 
is what are we doing about the ADAP waiting list?   Tom Frieden 
suggested that we engage the drug companies.   Since I know Jim Rooney 
from Gilead, I made the initial contact which led to many phone calls 
involving Jim and people from Gilead; people from HHS – me, Tom 
Frieden, Mat Wakefield (HRSA), Sally Howard (chief-of-staff to 
Sebelius), Dora Hughes as well as people from NASTAD and Welvista.   
Important issues is the Gilead agreed to greatly lower their prices for 
people on ADAP waiting list
Dec.1, 2011 – World AIDS Day (WAD).  A very special day.   The White 
House has decided that the venue for the POTUS statement on WAD would 
be George Washington University in a program sponsored by One and RED, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 264 ---
262
Bono’s organizations.  Sanjay Gupta was the MC.   We had Presidents 
Bush and Clinton by live video conference and President Obama delivered  
the speech that Eric Goosby, Tom Frieden and I and others wrote for 
him.   As expected, he went with Option #2 (see above – Nov. 8, 2011).  
In addition, he included an additional $15 million (for Clinics) + $35 
million (for States) = $50 million for ADAP total.   Again, Tom Frieden 
and HHS people (see above) have been working on the “domestic option” 
for the past couple of weeks to offset criticism that we were paying 
attention to global, but not domestic AIDS.
    Following the POTUS speech, there was a panel moderated by Sanjay 
consisting of Bono, Alecia Keys, Kay Warren, Rep. Barbara Lee, Sen. 
Marco Rubio and a few others.   I was told a few days prior that Sanjay 
would turn to me with a question sometime during the program.  Right 
after Pres. Clinton’s live video speech, Sanjay said that you cannot 
have a discussion about HIV/AIDS without including Tony Fauci (who is 
in the audience) and his perspective on the science and he turned to me 
to speak.   I spoke for a few minutes about the fact that the 
scientific data were overwhelming (circumcision; treatment as 
prevention, etc.) and the task now was to implement the science.   The 
statement was similar to what I had said at the IAS meeting in Rome in 
July.   Right after my comment, Bono said that he must tell a funny 
story and he proceeded to describe the night when he came to my house 
for dinner to discuss what we could do to push the global AIDS agenda.   
He was cute.  He said that his friend Bobby Schriver told him that the 
only person that could break the logjam on Global AIDS programs was 
Tony Fauci.  He finished by calling me a “proper hero”. A YouTube 
record of this statement by Bono is available for Dec. 1.  Also, I had 
a chance to say a few words to Pres. Obama as he was “working the line” 
following his speech.   He congratulated me for the great work that we 
were doing and that he has been hearing about.   All in all, a really 
good day!!
Of note, Gregg Gonsalves wrote a scathing letter to Raj Shah (that went 
viral on the internet) scolding him for obstructing the treatment as 
prevention initiative (see above discussions re: Raj).   Unclear to me 
how Gregg found out about all of this.
Dec. 2,, 2011 – Finishing off WAD activities, went to Harvard on a 
beautiful crisp clear December day and participated in the AIDS@30 
International Symposium.   I gave the keynote “Perspective” on vaccines 
and participated in a panel Chaired by Bruce Walker and consisting of 
Bob Gallo, Nelson Michael, Jerry Sadoff, and Julie McElrath.   Flew up 
to Boston with Eric Goosby and flew back to DC with Nelson Michael.   
All good.
  
Dec. 2 thru 21, 2011 -  Significant issues regarding dual use research.  
Check press from Dec. 20-21, 2011.   Briefly, NIAID funded 2 studies – 
subcontract via CEIRS (Centers of Excellence for Influenza Research and 
Surveillance) to Erasmus University in Netherlands (Ron Fouchier) and 
grant to Yoshi Kawaoka at Wisconsin to study feasibility and mechanism 
of getting the highly lethal (60%), but poorly transmissible H5N1 (bird 
flu) that has been smothering in SE Asia since 1997 to become 
transmissible and maintain lethality in a mammal model (ferret).   
Rationale for the study was to determine – Can it happen (in mammals) 
since many people reasonably assume that it cannot since it has not 
done this in nature despite being around in chickens and rarely in 
humans since 1994?   Also, if it does become transmissible by point 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 265 ---
263
mutations followed by passaging in ferrets (the experimental 
methodology), then what is the signature of it so that health officials 
in the field could do better surveillance and also design better 
diagnostics, therapies and possibly vaccine.  Both papers (with slight 
differences found that relatively few mutations (~5) followed by serial 
passage in ferrets led to virus that had better transmissibility and 
kept virulence. Kawaoka paper showed increased transmissibility but not 
maintenance of virulence, while Fouchier paper showed both.  Papers 
submitted to Nature (Kawaoka) and Science (Fouchier).  Program staff 
(NIAID), Fouchier and editors asked (because of possibility of dual 
use) the NSABB to examine the results and advise if it was OK to 
publish. Kawaoka was asked by NIAID to do the same.  To everyone’s 
surprise, the NSABB recommended that the papers be published with the 
conclusions, but with redaction of the key results, mutations and 
methodologies.   I believe that this was group think and “cover your 
ass”.   Decision was to do this and provide a link in the paper whereby 
people (health officials, legitimate scientists, PHARMA, etc) who have 
a need to know can have access to the data.   This was a precedent 
setting recommendation that was virtually impossible to ignore even 
though I disagreed with it since the complexity of influenza 
adaptability is extremely complex and it is unlikely that terrorists 
could replicate this work largely because it is unlikely that if that 
this model just simply predicts that it will maintain these 
characteristics if taken from ferret to human. Furthermore and more 
importantly, since the data had already been presented (by Fouchier) at 
an international meeting in Malta and the papers were reviewed by 
several reviewers and known by many, the data are already “out their” 
and would be virtually impossible to “restrict” the access to the full 
papers by a “vetting” mechanism of people who “apply” for the 
unredacted papers.  Journal editors were disappointed (Bruce Alberts – 
Science and Phil Campbell – Nature) as were many flu scientists.   
However, we heard the usual hysteria from people like Ebert and 
Ingelsby who complained that the experiments should never have been 
done in the first place.  Also, Mike Osterholm who is a member of the 
NSABB was practically hysterical that the NSABB recommendations should 
go out right away so that he could “answer all of the press calls” that 
he was getting.   In reality, the only press that was agitating was – 
you guessed it – Laurie Garrett. Of note, Mike Osterholm is the Head of 
the CIERS group that subcontracted through the Mount Sinai group to 
Fouchier to conduct these experiments.   Osterholm now (incredibly) 
says that he never thought that this situation would arise when he knew 
about the contract and actually was given updates through the CIERS on 
the actual data.   Yet, he is the loudest one saying we should now lock 
down all experiments and treat this like BSL-4.   Problem here is that 
as I predicted, the White House is now involved and they want the USG 
to examine all research that is ongoing and that is proposed for its 
dual use potential and to put restrictions on it if it has such 
potential.   What they do not understand it that in the “discovery of 
science” you cannot always predict what will be dual use and the danger 
is that scientific work and importantly the normal open discourse of 
science will suffer because some uninformed people who live for 
“intrigue” are acting out their own agenda.   More later. 
Dec.22, 2011 to Jan. 7, 2012 -  Situation has escalated with wall-to-
wall conference calls with HHS and a variety of WH folks about what to 
do.   Major issues are that Bruce Alberts and Phil Campbell are willing 
to publish a redacted version of the papers in Science and Nature, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 266 ---
264
respectively; however, they insist that the USG have in place a link or 
some mechanism that they can publish with the redacted versions of the 
paper that would allow legitimate scientists and Public Health 
officials to have access to the entire manuscript.   I found out 
through painful probing that recommendations from NSABB  guidelines   
USG policy should have been in place years ago to deal with the 
upstream (prior to the start of experiments) and downstream (progress 
reports and communication of results) issues of Dual Use Research of 
Concern (DURC).  Problem is that the recommendations of the NSABB as to 
the “7 deadly sins” of DURC never got “clearance” from the multiple 
agencies to which NSABB officially reports (DoD, DHS, DoS, DoJ, 
intelligence community) in order for it to get the Public Comment in 
the Federal Register to give the scientific community the opportunity 
to weigh in on the feasibility of controlling or not such research at 
the same time a preserving the fundamental basis of open scientific 
discourse.   I believe that Amy Patterson should have shown some 
greater strength of leadership to make sure that this process moved 
along, when in fact it just froze. The NSABB sent in their 
recommendations in 2007 (NSABB started in 2004) that should have become 
guidelines  USG Policy that ultimately could guide the local 
institutional Biosafety Committees (IBCs) to monitor this at the local 
level.   Irony is that now the papers have been reviewed, the Fouchier 
paper was presented in an international meeting in Malta and multiple 
people have seen the data. BTW, Fouchier has been acting like a jerk in 
his cavalier attitude about disseminating the results. Now NSABB and 
the journals above all want a mechanism is a few days (to coincide with 
the publication dates of the papers (Jan. – Feb. 2012) that they have 
not been able to do in 4-5 years.   All of the demagogues have weighed 
in. People thinking that the world is not in danger of a terrorist 
making a “killer virus” that spreads easily.  What is at stake is the 
proper balance of doing microbial research that has DU potential with 
security issues.   Of, note, I wrote an opinion piece in the Dec. 31, 
2011 issue of the Washington Post on the value of the science. The 
security people do not understand the scientific enterprise, although I 
can understand their concerns.  This whole thing has destroyed my 
Christmas Holidays.  It still is not over.   Divergent opinions in the 
scientific community ranging from 1) this work should never have been 
done in the first place (Ebright; Ian Lipkin) to 2) we should not 
restrict publication of any of the data and should just let it out 
(Racaniello; Peter Palese) to 3) we should publish only redacted 
version (which is ridiculous since the data are out already) to 4) we 
should destroy the virus (D.A. Henderson).    Please note that the 
complexities of species adaptability to virus transmission and 
lethality is so complex that just because multiple induced mutations 
followed by passaging in ferrets of 1 strain of H5N1 does not mean that 
this virus would do the same in humans or that anyone else could 
replicate the experiment. Of great importance is the fact the Fouchier 
found out (but DID NOT submit it with his paper to Science – he wants 
to put it into a second paper)that if you take these 5 mutations and go 
back and put them into the wild-type H5N1, you do not get increased 
transmissibility, which proves my point (and that of Jeff Taubenberger) 
that transmissibility is a multi-genic process that is strongly 
“context-dependent”.  In other words, just knowing these 5 mutations 
may have little impact on someone’s ability or not to repeat these 
experiments.  Let me be clear, I believe that we need to now once and 
for all get the process going of a SOP for evaluating dual use research 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 267 ---
265
of concern (DURC) before the experiments are performed to evaluate the 
risk/benefit of even doing the experiments and to periodically look at 
the data to determine whether the data should be shared (presented or 
published) before one presents it or submits it to a journal. I think 
that there was major multifaceted failure here of NSABB covering their 
asses with the recommendation; researchers wanting attention for their 
work; failure of Amy Patterson’s shop to get their job done over years; 
panic and hubris on the part of USG agencies who know nothing about 
science.   I can go on and on.  The problem that we are facing now is 
that we (USG) is being put in an untenable position of be involved in 
and associated with restricted (or as some say “censoring”) scientific 
information when it is already out there.   The process sets a bad 
precedent and it evokes all kinds of conspiracy theories and makes us 
look foolish.   My choice at this point would be to admit that it is 
too late in the process – we should publish the unredacted papers and 
make this an “Asilomar moment” to make sure that we are not in this 
position again.
    Of note, on Jan. 7, 2012 a NY Times (written by Phil Boffey – 
unsigned – I know because he called me about it) came out with an 
inappropriately alarmist editorial entitled “Engineered Doomsday” 
calling into question the rationale for the research and asking for 
lock down of virus in BSL-4 and ultimate destruction of virus.   He got 
most of his information from Ian Lipkin (my good friend) who feels 
strongly about this and was nice enough to tell me that he was going to 
do this.   This editorial has only inflamed the hysteria and posturing. 
Jan. 15, 2012 – I still believe that there is no reason for the 
Journals insisting that the papers (redacted) need to be published by 
end of Jan/early Feb.  Why not wait until this mess in openly discussed 
in an “Asilomar-like” setting.
Jan. 16 – 21, 2012 - Major development pushed by my decision to be much 
more proactive in this process.   Too many people were posturing and 
playing the “sound bite game” – Richard Ebright (who is a complete 
asshole), Mike Osterholm (with whom I am becoming progressively more 
disillusioned with due to his hysteria) and other well-meaning people 
who just like to comment, like D.A. Henderson. I never liked the fact 
that the journals (Science and Nature) were on a fast track to publish 
when we still did not know how we were going to develop a system to get 
the unredacted manuscripts only to “those who had a legitimate 
scientific need to know”.  We were getting significant pressure from 
the White House via HHS to make sure that there are no surprises with 
other such projects appearing.   In addition, additional data were 
leaking out from Ron Fouchier’s group having WH/HHS asking whether we 
should be shutting off their funding.   I became concerned over the 
possibility that outside (non-scientific) influences would force us to 
set a bad precedent and stop funding these flu projects.   Therefore, I 
took the bull by the horns and contacted Fouchier and strongly 
suggested that he and the flu scientists call a moratorium (60 days) on 
all work dealing with increased transmissibility and/or virulence of 
highly pathogenic H5N1 virus.   At first, Fouchier was reluctant to do 
so since he felt that this would be an admission that what he did was 
dangerous and that he was backing down.   He totally disagrees with the 
NSABB recommendations.  In addition, I felt and told this to many in 
the press that we need to get more international involvement in this 
situation with WHO playing a major role.   I felt that people were 
concerned that this was too much of a USA-centric situation and the USG 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 268 ---
266
was driving things that affect many others outside of USA.   I agree.   
Therefore I agitated and accomplished that WHO (Keiji Fukuda) should 
hold a meeting in Geneva to add an international component to this 
situation.
Importantly, on Wednesday, Feb. 18 I called Ron Fouchier in his home in 
Rotterdam (actually I e-mailed him and asked him to call me) at 4:30 PM 
DC time – 10:30 PM Rotterdam time.   I strongly suggested that he call 
a moratorium on this work and encourage his flu colleagues to also do 
so.   He was not totally convinced and said that he would consult with 
the others tomorrow (Feb. 19) AM and get back to me.   I emphasized 
that it is likely if he does not do it voluntarily that forces beyond 
our control (i.e. the security people) would force us to defund the 
work.   The next morning he called me and said that they had agreed to 
call a moratorium for 60 days and see what the Geneva meeting brings. 
Furthermore, Francis Collins and I called Bruce Alberts (Science) and 
Phil Campbell (Nature) and convinced them to delay the publication 
until at least March.  Fouchier came out with a press statement on Feb 
20 and Francis Collins and I came out with an NIH statement the same 
day applauding their decision.   This was a good example of my having 
to take the bull by the horns since things were not going in the right 
direction.   Now we wait to see what happens.  There was wide coverage 
in the press about this “breakthrough” in negotiations with big stories 
in Washington Post, NY Times, Wall Street Journal, etc.
Jan. 23, 2012 - Went to Situation Room in the White House at 3:15 PM.   
Cold, very damp, gray day.   Purpose to discuss the H5N1 situation and 
brief the National Security Staff (NSS) about my upcoming trip to the 
Geneva meeting scheduled for Feb. 16-17, 2012.   Present at the 
meeting:  John Brennan (Chief, NSS), Heidi Avery (Deputy Chief), 
Francis Collins, Amy Patterson, Bill Corr (Deputy Secretary-HHS), Sally 
Howard (Chief-of-Staff to Sebelius), Bill Shultz (OGC-HHS).   NSS 
concern was what we would agree to or not at the Geneva meeting.   I 
tried to explain that the information was already out there and 
multiple papers have already described the methodology.   I explained 
that what I wanted to get out of the meeting was a transparency to 
others about what we are trying to do in order to get away from this 
USA-centric perception.   Of note, after the meeting, Heidi sent an e-
mail to Bill Corr saying that there are certain “redlines” that we 
should not give in to at the meeting.  I fear that she is not fully 
getting what I want to accomplish at the meeting.   Also, of note, she 
mentioned in her e-mail that she does not want total unbridled 
availability of the information in the papers (her “redline”) even 
though she knows that certain USG scientists do not agree with her.  I 
am certain that she is referring to me.
Feb. 11, 2012 – The past couple of weeks have been intensively involved 
in discussion about the H5N1 issue.  Extraordinary “legal” issues come 
up about what can and cannot be discussed in public.   I pushed for and 
it will happen next week for a WHO meeting to make all of this more 
transparent and international.   The issue is what can and cannot be 
discussed at this meeting.   There are 2 options to allow discussion at 
the meeting: 1) an “export control license” from the Dept. of Commerce 
that restricts discussion to the people listed on the license, i.e. all 
the attendees at the meeting or; 2) An advisory opinion from the dept. 
of Commerce saying that the information is intended to be published by 
the journals and therefore the expert control requirement does not 
exist. Some subterfuge has gone on with HHS in getting the journals to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 269 ---
267
say that they have every intention of publishing the papers without 
restrictions (which is not true) just so that they can get an advisory 
opinion.   The problem is that since Commerce grants both the export 
control (which assumes restriction) as well as advisory opinion (which 
assumes open publication without restriction) you cannot have it both 
ways.   Bottom line is that based on the journals declaring that they 
intend to publish an advisory opinion will be granted.  I expressed my 
concern that this was not entirely honest, but it went ahead anyway.   
This is something that I do not control.  I leave for Geneva on Feb. 14 
for a meeting on Feb. 16-17, 2012.
Feb. 13, 2012  -  You really cannot make this up if you tried.   They 
(HHS, DoC, White House) have finally decided that we all need export 
control licenses to go to Geneva.  The DoC and HHS are working 
feverishly to get them on time before we all (me, Nancy Cox, Paul Keim 
– representing NSABB) leave for Geneva.  The entire process has been 
ludicrous with regard to the concern over security as well as the 
craziness of the laws related to export control licenses.   Export 
control was originally designed as a multinational agreement to protect 
against the shipment of sensitive products such as computer chips, 
weapons, etc. to countries with whom we (USG) or other countries have a 
problem with.   In this case (uniquely), the export control applies to 
shipping of information or even being in a room where information 
(sensitive) is shared.   In this case, the information is the H5N1 
unredacted manuscripts.   I need an export control license (even though 
I am not taking anything with me) to go to Geneva and I must name on 
the license everyone who will be at the meeting.   I cannot do this 
since the WHO will not release the names of the attendees until the day 
of the meeting and so DoC cannot put in for a license for me.  OK, we 
get the names and then Tom Countryman from State has deep concern that 
we are even going to such a meeting to discuss potentially sensitive 
information.   We calm him down and then the White House (John Brennan 
and Heidi Avery) do not want Fouchier to discuss the 9 mutations that 
are capable of giving the ferrets transmission/lethality without the 
requirement for passage among ferrets (more below on that).  They only 
want him to discuss what is in the unredacted paper (5 mutations + 
passage).   They (through Sally Howard of HHS) want me to call Ron 
Fouchier to ask him to not mention the 9 mutations and to restrict his 
discussion to the paper.   The discovery of the non-passaged virus’s 
ability with 9 mutations by reverse genetics to allow 
transmission/lethality is not contained in the paper.   Now here I am 
(very uncomfortably) asking Ron to voluntarily withhold any information 
both during the question period and the discussion about the other 4 
mutations that together with the original 5 make a wild type H5N1 
transmissible/lethal in ferrets without the requirement of passage.   
Ron reluctantly agreed because he wants the meeting to occur and the 
White House said that the meeting will be nixed if we discuss the 9 
mutations.   Here is the irony of this all.   The meeting was called by 
WHO to add “transparency” to the process and to preserve the PIP 
agreement so that the Indonesians and Vietnamese do not feel that we 
are withholding information from them and a White House condition for 
supporting the meeting and allowing me to go is that Ron “withholds” 
information if asked about the obvious questions that any virologist 
would ask, i.e. if you took a wild-type H5N1 (cloned) and only inserted 
the 5 mutations, would it transmit in ferrets – answer = no.   Then 
what did you do?   Ron would answer that the virus after 5 mutations 
(commonly known in the literature) + 12 passages obviously also 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 270 ---
268
accumulated other mutations besides the original 5 (3 + 2).  Ron then 
did deep sequencing of the transmissible virus and by reverse genetics 
figured out that you needed the 5 + an additional 4 (now he says less 
than 4).   This was not in the original manuscript (unredacted).   
White House does not understand that the 5 mutations + Passage = the 
unpassaged 9 mutations.  They fixate about not mentioning the precise 9 
mutations when anyone can just take any quasispecies and get a 
transmissible virus after many passages.   You just need a virus and 
some ferrets.   I again am very uncomfortable in asking Ron to hold 
back this information and told him that this would be his choice and he 
would have to play it by ear at the meeting, but he will try his best 
to be vague about the 9.   Another ludicrous happening is that this 
export control issue must also get input from the iPC (interagency 
Policy Committee) which includes DoD.   The night before I am leaving 
for Geneva (tomorrow on 5:47 PM flight) DoD says that they want to know 
when I am leaving since they are not sure that I can go since they want 
the WHO to disinvite the Chinese (where the disease is occurring) since 
we (USG) do not share restricted information with them.  They fail to 
realize that Margaret Chan (Director General of WHO) is Chinese!!!!!    
You cannot make this up.
    DoD is examining this issue tonight and will let me know tomorrow 
if I can go to Geneva. 
Feb. 14, 2012 – Approved at the last minute (literally) that I can go 
to Geneva and was granted an Export Control License for me, Barbara 
Jasny (representing Bruce Alberts of Science), Paul Keim (Chair, 
NSABB), and Yoshi Kawaoka (author of Nature article)
Feb. 16-17, 2012 – Geneva – Astounding!! During Ron’s presentation of 
the data, I asked the “transforming” question that exposed the 
confusion that has been propagated regarding the study.   It relates to 
the uncoupling of the issue of aerosol transmission from deadly 
pathogenesis.   Bottom line is that the aerosol-transmitted virus when 
transmitted to uninfected ferret, not only does not kill them, it does 
not even cause significant disease.   At worst, some mild flu like sxs.   
See below for my detailed description of the data gathered from the 
papers, the Geneva presentation together with discussions during the 
Geneva meeting including a dinner at Keiji’s home with Ron, AB 
Osterhaus, Keiji Fukuda, and Yoshi on the evening of Feb. 15 (more on 
that later) as well as extensive discussion by phone with Ron after I 
returned to USA on Feb. 19 and 20, 2012. Recommendation (consensus) of 
the WHO-convened group was to 1) respect the PIP agreement; 2) extend 
the voluntary pause (“moratorium”) on H5N1 
transmissibility/pathogenicity research; 3) Delay publication of the 2 
manuscripts until the safety and security issues of such research could 
be solidified for others.   General agreement that the experiments of 
Yoshi and Ron were carried with safety and security that met or 
exceeded the guidelines; 4) After meeting conditions in #3, then 
publish the manuscripts in full; 5) discussion that the publishing of 
redacted manuscripts with mechanism for vetting and distributing to 
those with a need to know was completely impractical.   This point was 
fortified by the almost unbelievable and counterintuitive requirements 
of Export Control Licenses.   There was a unanimous recommendation for 
everything except the recommendation to publish.   Nancy Cox did not 
comment, but Paul Keim and I stood by the recommendations of the NSABB.   
In the roll-out after the meeting in Geneva, Keiji at first messed up 
and said that everything was “unanimous consensus”, which is an 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 271 ---
269
oxymoron.   Christ Feig is a former CNN producer and old friend of mine 
and is the communications director for WHO.   I noticed the slip-up and 
she got Keiji to correct while still on the TV press conference.   E-
mails were going back and forth from me to HHS (Bill Hall) to some of 
the NSS people when he made this mistake, but everyone calmed down 
after he corrected it.   I was in the unusual position of officially 
sticking with the NSABB recommendation while being the one who actually 
led the WHO discussion to come to this point.  The smart reporters like 
Jon Cohen and Helen Branswell picked this up and were sympathetic.   
The decision was written up on the front page of the NY Times by Denise 
Grady on Sunday.   It was interesting how she quoted me with an 
articulate explanation of why the WHO group came to this decision at 
the same time that she mentioned that I stuck by the NSABB 
recommendations.   Anyone with insight could figure out what I did.  Of 
note, Paul Keim did not realize that the aerosol-transmitted H5N1 did 
not make the animals ill, much less kill them!!! There was a media 
storm after the decision was announced. See below for summary of 
meeting:   
Sunday, February 19, 2012
Summary of discussion at the WHO Geneva Meeting on Feb. 16-17, 2012 plus additional 
discussion with Ron Fouchier and Yoshi Kawaoka.
Anthony S. Fauci, M.D.
Fouchier Experiments (Science) and related information:
Fouchier worked with a high pathogenicity (HP) H5N1 influenza virus obtained from a patient in 
Indonesia (A/Indonesia/5/05).   He had been working for 4 to 5 years on trying to study the 
transmissibility of H5N1 for the purposes of determining the molecular aspects of increased 
transmissibility.  His attempts at developing an H5N1 with increased transmissibility in a 
mammalian model have failed up to now.
Recently, he used the already existing literature to identify the mutations that have been 
reported to be associated with the emergence of previous pandemics (1918 H1N1, 1957 H2N2, 
1968 H3N2, 2009 H1N1 and other non-pandemic outbreaks, e.g. 1977 H1N1).  He analyzed 
these and determined the 3 mutations that statistically seemed to be associated most closely 
with emergence of pathogenic pandemic viruses.  Again, these mutations have already been 
reported in many published papers.
With regard to the “technique” of passaging in ferrets, there are many papers that have 
appeared in the literature for decades (since the 1930s) describing the ferret passage technique 
to increase transmissibility.   This is similar to passage techniques widely used to adapt a virus to 
a particular species.   It has been done in mice, monkeys, etc.   Usually (not always), when 
viruses are passaged in a particular species, as they gain transmissibility, i.e. species-specific 
adaptation, they develop decreased pathogenicity, i.e. attenuation.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 272 ---
270
Fouchier took these 3 mutations and inserted them into a wild type (WT) HPH5N1 (see above). 
This technique is widely used in molecular virology.  He then passaged the virus 10 times in 
ferrets.  “Passaged” means inserting the virus into the nose of the animal, getting the animal to 
get infected, then taking virus from the nasal passages of the infected animal and inserting it 
into the nasal passage of the next animal in the sequence, and so on.   The endpoint that is 
aimed at is to get a virus that is then able to be transmitted by aerosol (i.e. not relying on direct 
insertion into the nasal passage).  Since ferrets sneeze when they are infected, one determines 
“aerosol transmission” by housing an infected ferret in a cage next to a separate cage of an 
uninfected ferret that is constructed such that an aerosol can get from one cage to the other 
due to “holes” in the barriers between cages.   The virus resulting from the passaging was able 
to be transmitted by aerosol and was a “quasi-species”, i.e. it contained different “versions” of 
the mutated virus.  The viruses that were transmitted by aerosol were then sequenced and all of 
these viruses had 5 mutations in common:  the 3 mutations that were inserted by reverse 
genetics and 2 additional ones.  In addition, the viruses had 4 to 7 variable mutations (this latter 
sequencing information was not ready for reporting in the original manuscript).   This virus 
isolate was used in the pathogenesis studies reported in the manuscript.  It was the isolate with 
the minimal number of mutations (9 mutations  -  5 common mutations  + 4 variable mutations).  
After submission of the manuscript the authors took a wild-type H5N1 clone and inserted this 
minimal number of mutations to develop a virus that was transmissible without the need for 
passage.  The pathogenesis studies with this cloned virus were identical to those of the isolate 
reported in the manuscript (see below).  
It is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT to point out that the animals that got infected by aerosolized virus 
described above did not die nor did they get sick. They were followed for 14 days.  A few got 
minor flu-like symptoms, all recovered, they then were sacrificed since logistically the author 
could not house them indefinitely.  Thus, the “engineered” virus that was made transmissible, 
did not kill or make the animals sick when exposed in the manner that flu in transmitted in 
humans.
PATHOGENICITY.  The classic way that influenza virus pathogenicity is established (well-
described in the literature) for the ferret model is by direct insertion of the virus into the nasal 
cavity and/or directly into the trachea.  Fouchier did both nasal and tracheal insertion of the 
viruses.
In the nasal insertion studies, 106 (1 million) infectious doses of virus is inserted into the nose.  
This is a dose that far exceeds a dose that one gets through aerosolized virus (i.e. sneezing).  
When this dose of the pandemic  2009 H1N1 virus (not considered a particularly pathogenic 
virus, particularly in people who have been exposed to H1N1 over years by infection or 
vaccination - children who are naïve to this virus have had more problems) is inserted into the 
ferret, the animals develop flu-like symptoms but do not die.  When HPH5N1 is inserted the 
animals essentially all get neurovirulence, they recover, none die. When the modified (aerosol-
transmitted) H5N1  virus is inserted, there is some neurovirulence, but actually less 
neurovirulence than with the wild typeH5N1.  Again, all recover and none die.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 273 ---
271
In the tracheal insertion studies, 106 virus is inserted directly into the trachea.  Again, this is a 
dose and a situation that would be extremely difficult, if not impossible, to achieve by 
aerosolized transmission.  In these experiments, when this amount of wild type (unmodified) 
HPH5N1 is inserted into the trachea, all animals die on day 3.   Similarly, when the modified 
H5N1 is inserted, all animals die on day 3.   However, and importantly, when 2009H1N1 that 
was shown to be a mild pathogenicity virus was inserted under the same conditions, it killed 
some, but not all the animals.  Although, this was a qualitative and not a quantitative study, it 
strongly suggests that in this model, the modified H5N1 is not dramatically different from the 
2009 H1N1 in pathogenicity.   Also, it should be pointed out that in the ferret model, 2009 H1N1 
is much more transmissible (100% transmission on day one) than is the modified H5N1.   
Specifically, transmission with the modified H5N1 does not occur until day 3 to 4 and even then 
it is only 75% transmissible.   This suggests that the R0 may be less than 1.   This is important with 
regard to concerns over the potential catastrophic effects of lab accident and the known 
conditions that are needed for the start of an epidemic/pandemic.   In this regard, there should 
be serious discussion of how pandemics occur.  Nancy Cox can elaborate.
Ferrets are naïve to influenza virus, i.e. they have no pre-existing immunity.   Humans do have 
pre-existing immunity to influenza viruses due to repeated exposures (except in young children) 
and/or vaccinations.  It is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT to point out that if you vaccinate the ferrets 
with seasonal H1N1, they are not protected against death from tracheal insertion of high dose 
(106 infectious doses) modified or wild type H5N1.   Fouchier did not test the effect on 
transmission yet (moratorium).  However, if you pre-infect ferrets with seasonal H1N1, let them 
recover and then insert high dose H5N1 into their trachea, this fully protects against disease and 
no ferrets die.   This strongly suggests that pre-existing immunity due to prior infection with 
seasonal influenza A protects against serious disease with this modified virus (heterosubtypic 
immunity).  This could be a possible explanation for why so few people get infected with H5N1 
in the wild.
Yoshi Kawaoka Experiments (Nature).   The studies of this investigator are very similar to those 
of Fouchier except that Kawaoka took the HA from the HPH5N1 and did random mutations from 
which he selected those that enhanced transmissibility when this HA was reassorted with the 
2009 H1N1to make a hybrid of the H5N1 and the 2009 H1N1.  This is something that we are 
concerned could happen in the wild.   He then did similar passages as described above.   
Kawaoka’s results differed from the Fouchier study in that although his virus was transmissible, 
it was not any more pathogenic than the 2009 H1N1 influenza.
EPIDEMIOLOGICAL DATA:   With regard to the importance of these data for the real and present 
danger of the evolution of H5N1 in the wild, as well as for the impact on surveillance, Kawaoka 
and Fouchier have done some epidemiological “mapping” of their modified virus with what is 
going on in the wild.   Viruses were studied that were obtained from chickens in Japan, 
Mongolia, Nepal, and Egypt as well as viruses from people infected with H5N1 in Egypt.   Some 
of the mutations that Fouchier and Kawaoka described involving the PB2 gene (627 K) and the 
receptor binding genes (HA) were present in 100% of the H5N1 viruses that infected humans 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 274 ---
272
and only in 30% of the chicken viruses.  This suggests that the viruses that accumulate the 
mutations in question are the ones that transmit from chickens to humans. In addition, many of 
the viruses circulating in chickens are only 2 to 3 mutations away from the mutations described 
by Fouchier in their modified viruses. 
People will argue that knowing mutations cannot help predict or alert public health officials to 
what will emerge as a pandemic.  They state that since viruses have several routes to get to 
where they want to go, i.e. to be able to be transmitted, the studies in question should not even 
have been performed.    However,  historically, after pandemic viruses emerge and infect people 
and then you go back and trace what was evolving in birds, or (more importantly) in mammals 
you see a pattern where you could have actually traced and connected the dots pointing to the 
emergence of a pandemic.  This was clearly the case where the pandemic  2009 H1N1 virus was 
evolving in pigs for at least 10 years and was “working its way” towards human transmissibility.   
If there had been better surveillance in both pigs and humans as to what was evolving, then as 
Tom Frieden has said, we could have had a major head-start on the 2009 H1N1 virus.  What the 
Fouchier and Kawaoka viruses tell us is that the virus in the wild is creeping towards a virus that 
they have shown is capable of transmission in mammals, presumably including humans.  
Whether the virus ultimately uses that precise pathway or those precise mutations is not clear, 
but clearly these studies are critical to understand the process of evolution and adaptability of 
viruses that are a real threat of working their way to transmissibility in humans.   Not making 
these data freely available to scientists only slows down the necessary work and the incentive to 
get more scientists involved, and does not really provide a serious terrorist with any additional 
advantage since these techniques have been widely available for years.  An uninformed terrorist 
would not be able to do this.  An informed virologist-terrorist just needs to go to PubMed to 
easily figure out what was done and how it was done.   Not publishing the work may do more 
harm than good by discouraging legitimate scientists from getting involved.   Clearly, there 
needs to be assurance of biosafety and biosecurity in the laboratories that work with 
transmissibility of H5N1.  The laboratories in question (Fouchier and Kawaoka) have met or 
exceeded our standards for these types of studies.
Redacted versus Unredacted:  The impracticality of redacted versus unredacted manuscripts 
was clear to everyone at the Geneva meeting and the likelihood of the unredacted manuscripts 
ultimately reaching the internet were important factors in the consensus at WHO to publish in 
full after a pause to assure biosafety and biosecurity and to have a better articulation of the 
benefits of the research as described above.
The way forward. People are making incendiary statements without really having discussed 
with the investigators the precise details of the experiments as described above.  The 
interaction of the NSABB with the investigators (Fouchier and Kawaoka) was on a relatively brief 
conference call.   Much additional information that was available during the intensive 2 day 
discussion in Geneva was not available to the NSABB.   My recommendation is to reassemble 
the working group of the NSABB for a face-to-face meeting with the investigators, security 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 275 ---
273
people, international public health people (similar to the WHO meeting) and a larger number of 
influenza experts with hands on expertise in such studies.  
Post- Geneva:     Have spent the past few days explaining the above summary to HHS, White 
House NSS X 2.   Could not comment too much to the press.  
Feb. 22, 2012 -   Briefed the NSS in the Situation Room with Heidi Avery leading (I had pre-
contacted her explaining that I had to do the briefing and she agreed), Laura Holgate and Brian 
Kamoi from NSS, Kris Beardsley (more of her later), Francis Collins, Amy Patterson, Nancy Ann 
De Parle, Bill Shultz (HHS OGC), Bill Corr (Deputy HHS Sec.).
Feb. 21-24, 2012 – had conversations and e-mail exchanges with Ron Fouchier trying to work 
out that he re-submit a manuscript and that the NSABB reconvene to review with the new data 
and the clarifications from Geneva.   Also, spoke with Journal editors to try and get them to 
agree (which they did) to hold off on publication, but agree to quickly consider a revised 
manuscript.    Of note, during the Feb. 22 Situation Room meeting, I outted Kris Beardsley as a 
“leak” to the NSABB.   Paul Keim had asked how things were going right after we returned from 
Geneva (see e-mails on file).   I told him that I was about to brief the WH on Feb. 22.   He said 
good luck and that he already had spoken to Kris Beardsley.   I did not return e-mail, but I was 
astounded.  She is NSS!!!.   Now it became clear that the NSABB people were directly trying to 
get to and agitate the WH through Kris and also with Mike Osterholm getting to Rick Weiss, the 
Press person for John Holdrin at OSTP.  Rick is a former Washington Post reporter.   I believe 
that Paul Keim is OK, but it is incredible that Kris Beardsley and Rick Weiss are doing this.   In 
order to make sure that Kris would not undermine my presentation to Heidi and the NSS, I 
started my explanation (see summary above) by saying that I know that Paul Keim has briefed 
Kris about part of this a day or so ago, but I will give a little more information since I spoke with 
Ron after the WHO meeting and Paul did not.   Kris almost fell through her chair and Heidi gave 
her a very mean look followed by a statement that we have only one point of contact with 
NSABB and that is Fauci.   Clearly Heidi not only was not briefed by Kris, she had no idea and was 
extremely pissed that Kris had spoken about this with Paul.   Paul is advisory to HHS and NIH and 
NOT to the White House.
BTW, I have been completely wearing myself down by this getting virtually no sleep and doing 
1000 things at a time that are very heavy, i.e. White House stuff, Press misinterpretation. Mike 
Osterholm acting in his usually hysterical manner, Laurie Garret getting it wrong as usual.
OF GREAT IMPORTANCE:  How is it possible that everyone got it wrong?   Why did not anyone 
ever ask the “Fauci question” that I asked in Geneva of Ron.    This includes the reviewers of the 
papers, the entire NSABB including the Chairman Paul Keim, the outside influenza expert called 
to advise the NSABB (Rob Webster), the editors of the Journal.   After I briefed him, Bruce 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 276 ---
274
almost comically stated. “You know, I knew there was something funny here when I read the 
paper and found that after aerosol transmission, blood samples were taken from the ferrets for 
12 days.   If the ferrets all died in 3 days, did they take samples from dead animals?”   Clearly his 
own editorial staff did not pick it up.   There is plenty of blame to go around.  Clearly Ron did not 
say in the manuscript that the aerosol-transmitted animals died, but he never said in the 
manuscript that they did not die.   Clearly he was doing what many scientists do, i.e. play up 
their own data to make it seem exciting.   Yet, he knew that the media were clearly getting it 
wrong.   He will say that he was never given the chance to explain this to the NSABB and his only 
comments to the press that they clearly misunderstood were before the NSABB and he did not 
realize that they misunderstood.   However, after the decision of the NSABB, he still spoke to the 
press, yet never made it explicit what really happened.  He could claim that at that point he 
could not discuss the data since it was confidential and the press could not ask the specific 
question sine they did not see the data.  It is clear to me that a lot of people are embarrassed for 
not asking the Fauci question and as human nature goes, people are running for cover and/or 
looking to blame someone.   Ron is in danger of getting thrown under the bus when the press 
finds out that he never clarified things.   As an example, ABS World News on Saturday PM, Feb 
18 had a piece showing all aerosol-infected animals dying schematically on the screen with the 
ever-present Laurie Garret commenting that “This virus just should not be allowed to exist”.
See Important e-mails below:
Thursday, Feb. 24, 2012 11:26 AM
Ron:
    In follow-up of our previous conversations,  it is important for you to revise and 
expand your manuscript to include the important new data that were presented in 
Geneva.   In addition (and this is critical), you need to make exceptionally clear the 
differences between the transmission studies and the pathogenicity studies, i.e. the 
response that you gave to me when I asked that direct question in Geneva whether there 
was any illness or death in the animals that had been infected by aerosol with the 
engineered highly pathogenic H5N1.   You responded that some of these animals 
developed flu-like symptoms, all recovered, none got seriously ill and none died.   This 
seems to be the key point about which many people were and are confused.   It would be 
very important to make this exceptionally clear in the manuscript. There are also other 
important data that we discussed that would be important to include in a revised 
manuscript.   I believe that the best course of action would be to resubmit this revised 
manuscript  to the NSABB so that they have the opportunity to have all of the data that 
we discussed in Geneva  in front of them as well as to directly question you in person in 
order to clarify any important points.   Amy Patterson will request that the NSABB meet 
and review this manuscript.   As I had mentioned to you, Francis Collins and I have 
spoken to Bruce Alberts about the importance of your having enough journal space to add 
the  new data and a broader discussion of the issues.  In our initial conversations with 
him, he seemed amenable to this approach.    Obviously, we cannot know for sure what 
the journal decision will be.  Francis and I will be speaking to Bruce again today (I hope) 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 277 ---
275
and we will bring this up to him.   However, the important issue is that the NSABB have 
the opportunity to see the expanded manuscript as described above.
    I would be happy to discuss this further with you.   Please give my office a call at your 
convenience at (301) 496-2263.   I am not available between 12:00 and 12:30 PM and 
3:30 – 4:00 PM   Washington time.
Best regards,
Tony
Anthony S. Fauci, MD 
Director 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases 
Building 31, Room 7A-03 
31 Center Drive, MSC 2520 
National Institutes of Health 
Bethesda, MD 20892-2520 
Phone: (301) 496-2263 
FAX: (301) 496-4409 
E-mail: afauci@niaid.nih.gov 
______________________________________________
Tuesday, Feb. 21, 2012 to Paul Keim
Paul:
   Line-up and tasks sound good to me.   We should strategize by phone on how to handle 
discussion of the WHO meeting.   I have a meeting at the White House tomorrow to brief 
the security people on the WHO meeting and the outcome of those discussions may 
impact our decision on how to handle this.  We should talk after that.
Best regards,
Tony
Tuesday, Feb. 21, 2012 from Paul Keim referencing Kris bearsdley
Good luck with the meeting. I've prepping Kris today on the issues. 
Paul Keim, PhD 
TGen/NAU
On Feb 21, 2012, at 5:41 PM, "Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]" 
<AFAUCI@niaid.nih.gov> wrote:
Paul:
   Line-up and tasks sound good to me.   We should strategize by phone on how to handle 
discussion of the WHO meeting.   I have a meeting at the White House tomorrow to brief 
the security people on the WHO meeting and the outcome of those discussions may 
impact our decision on how to handle this.  We should talk after that.
Best regards,
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 278 ---
276
Tony
Feb. 23, 2012 -   Finally, a pleasant evening.   Attended reception at the Jefferson Hotel 
for the Global Health Corps (GHC) created and led by Barbara Bush, George W’s 
daughter.   Great reception.   It was a fund raiser for the fellows of the GHC.  Laura Bush 
was there and she and Barbara during the speeches called me out for praise for all that I 
have done for AIDS research.   All the GHC fellows were so happy to meet me since they 
had been hearing about me for years and now were meeting me.   I met Marvin Bush, 
George’s brother.  The usual crew was there – Mark Dybul (host), Eric Goosby, Stephen 
Hadley former National Security advisor to GWB.   Many other luminaries.   The 
Ambassador for Woman’s issues of DoS mentioned in her speech how much Sec. Clinton 
admired me.
Feb. 25, 2012 – Went to a (now commonplace for me) dinner at Café Milano hosted by 
Catherine and Wayne Reynolds in honor of Gov. Jerry brown (D-CA) and his wife Anne.   
Brown in DC for Governor’s Convention.   Sat next to Anne and got major insight into 
the Gov.   He was known as Governor “Moonbeam” in the  70s during the hippy years 
when he dated Linda Ronstadt.   However, he is an amazing person in that he just tells the 
truth without an obvious ideology.   Anne told me that Pres. Obama completely shuns 
even other Democrats such as Democratic Governors.   Obama has never once asked 
Jerry for any advice about anything.   It was a lively evening talking about the 
Republican Primaries and the ridiculousness of it with Romney vs Paul vs Gingrich vs 
Santorum. Other usual notables at dinner. Chris and Kathleen Matthews, Supreme Court 
Justice Anthony Kennedy.   I sat next to his wife Mary who is extremely conservative 
and not too bright (scary),   Also there was Bob Barnett and his wife.   NPR Nina 
Totenberg and husband David, Peter Agre, etc.
Feb. 27, 2012 – Briefed the senior, but sub-Interagency Policy Committee on the Geneva 
meeting. Chaired by Laura Holgate from NSS (National Security Staff).  Also present 
were Brian Kamoi (NSS – he has lost about 90 lbs. and looks great); Sally Howard 
(Chief-of-Staff to Sec. Sebelius); Kevin….. from Commerce; a bunch of representatives 
from the various US Government departments.  Tom Countryman from State Department 
is really a jerk, pompous and uninformed.   I alleviated the anxieties of the group 
regarding the studies by clarifying the difference between transmission and virulence in 
the Fouchier study.   I strongly suggest that we reconvene the NSABB to allow them to 
see the new data and hear the clarification of the old data.
Feb. 28, 2012 – Ron Fouchier flew in from Rotterdam to be on a panel tomorrow AM 
(Feb. 29) organized by American Society of Microbiology (ASM) to discuss this issue.   
Invited Ron over my house for dinner (rigatoni and sausage with tomato sauce) with Cliff 
Lane and Hugh Auchincloss to discuss the approach for tomorrow.  Ron related to me 
that the NSABB never gave him a chance to explain his experiments and that he met 
them via teleconference.   Clearly they were hostile to him and when his interview was 
over, Mike Osterholm started speaking before Ron signed off and Mike said (without 
knowing that Ron was still on the line) that Ron was a “liar”.   Ron stayed on the line in 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 279 ---
277
secret and described what sounded like a major ad hominem to Ron.   After intense 
discussion with me before and during the dinner, Ron Finally got it that he has to be very 
clear tomorrow that the ferrets who got infected by aerosol transmission did not get very 
ill (flu-like sxs at worst), all recovered and NONE died.  Only animals who got 1 million 
infectious doses of H5N1 directly inserted into the trachea died.  It is clear that everyone 
NSABB, all the pundits who commented (Laurie Garret, Tom Ingelsby, Richard Ebright, 
D.A. Henderson, etc.) and the press thought that after aerosol transmission, the ferrets 
died.  We had long discussions about future experiments and upcoming issues.   Later in 
the dinner, Bruce Alberts (Editor of Science) flew in from San Francisco, called my cell 
phone to let me know he arrived, and I invited him over for the remainder of the dinner.
Feb. 29, 2012 – ASM panel at 7:15 to 8:15 at Omni-Shoreham in D.C.   Standing room 
only, fed live on Website with many reporters tuned in.   Paul Keim chaired panel that 
included Ron Fouchier, me, Bruce Alberts, and Mike Osterholm.  Everything was 
clarified and most people asked the question that I have been asking all along – how 
could this pervasive misunderstanding have occurred.  It was clear, but no one wanted to 
embarrass anyone, that the NSABB missed this major point.
March 1 and 2, 2012 – Much press coverage going on trying to decide what went wrong.  
Jon Cohen from Science is coming close to figuring it out.   However, when he asked 
several members of NSABB to answer some questions, it become clear that they are 
being defensive and saying that it is the mere fact of making the virus “transmissible” 
that prompted them to recommend against publication, even if it was not clear that the 
aerosol-transmitted virus did not kill the ferrets.   We are going to reconvene the NSABB 
ASAP to review the revised manuscripts from Ron and Yoshi to that they can see the 
additional and clarified data.   I am afraid that they will not change their minds because 
they need to save face that they actually dropped the ball badly.   I believe that Mike 
Osterholm and to some extent David Relman aggressively persuaded the others to vote 
not to publish.   HOWEVER, I believe if the other members of NSABB  knew that the 
aerosol transmission did not result in death of the ferrets, they would not have been 
convinced by the histrionics of Mike who told the press that this was equivalent to 
“thermonuclear war” if this virus gets out.
March 5, 2012 – It is starting to become clear that the NSABB are saying that the basis 
for their recommendation is the fact that the virus was made transmissible and the 
decision had little or nothing to do with whether or not the virus was lethal via aerosol 
transmission.   I just cannot believe this.   I believe that most of the NSABB group did 
not know enough about flu to know the importance of this distinction.   They now are 
embarrassed that they missed this and are likely covering their asses.   Interesting that the 
N.Y. Times (Phil Boffey) editor wrote another Sunday editorial yesterday (May 4, 2012) 
criticizing the process and implying that “the NIH, whose reputation is at stake…..” is 
somehow at fault.   He clearly is taking the side of the NSABB calling them fiercely 
independent.   He wrote me an e-mail prior to the Sunday editorial giving me a “heads-
up”.   He implied in his e-mail that I was trying to have him retract his prior editorial 
based on information from Geneva.   He is totally missing the point.   I do not want him 
to retract anything nor do I want to influence the NSABB to change their minds.   I 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 280 ---
278
merely want them to reconvene so that they can have all of the information that was 
presented in Geneva and at the ASM meeting on Feb. 29, 2012 in Washington.   Things 
that they almost certainly did not know at the time of their December, 2011 
recommendation:  1) aerosol transmitted H5N1 does not kill ferrets; 2) engineered H5N1 
is poorly transmissible, i.e. it takes 3 to 5 days after exposure to transmit to 75% of ferrets 
compared to 2009 N1N1 that transmits in 100% of animals within 1 day; 3) pre-infecting 
ferrets with either seasonal H1N1 or H3N2 and letting them recover and then instilling 1 
million infectious doses of H5N1 into their tracheas completely protects the ferrets from 
disease and death.   If they still feel after they hear this that the papers should be redacted, 
then so be it.   I believe that they are incorrect and were driven by the hysteria of Mike 
Osterholm, the know-it-all of David Relman and the lack of understanding of the rest of 
the NSABB.
Mar. 8, 2012 – Went to special premier showing of the movie “Game Changer” about 
Sarah Palin starring Julianne Moore, Ed Harris and Woody Harrelson.   All the usual DC 
glitterati were there, both political and media.   Tammy Haddad was responsible for my 
invite.   Went with Chris.
Mar. 9, 2012 – PCAST meeting at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.   
Presented on a panel with Paul Keim (Chair of NSABB), Bruce Alberts (Science editor-
in-chief), Peter Palese (Mt. Sinai) regarding the H1N1 manuscript controversy.   Chaired 
by John Holdren and Eric Lander.   Reviewed the pros and cons of publication.   I gave 
presentation similar to my ASM presentation on Feb. 29.
Mar. 12, 2012 – Gave my yearly talk to the Zuckerman Fellows on “A Career in Public 
Service”.   Very engaged group; was told by conveners that the fellows loved the talk and 
found it the best among many talks by White House people, and other government 
officials.   Usual cocktail reception and dinner at the home of Ron and Beth Dozoretz.  
Mingled with the usual DC glitterati – Andrea Mitchell and Alan Greenspan, Mort 
Zuckerman, David Gergen, Chris Matthews, etc.
Mar. 20, 2012 – House Appropriations Subcommittee Hearings – Rayburn Building.   
Unusual situation that the Hearing was confined to a discussion about NCATS.   Only 
official witnesses were Francis Collins and Tom Insel (Director NIMH) who was there in 
his capacity as Acting Director of NCATS.   Harold Varmus and I were there as “token” 
attendees for rest of NIH.   It was a disgrace that the Hearing was only NCATS.   
Chairman Dennis Reyberg is not the brightest bulb on the porch.
Mar. 22, 2012 – Small intimate dinner at Café Milano sponsored by Wayne and 
Katherine Reynolds.   Dinner in honor of Susan Hockfield the retiring President of MIT.   
Usual glitterati – Rick Atkinson (author), Head of National Geographic, etc.
Mar. 25, 2012 -  Went to Baltimore to present John Bartlett with an award from AIDS 
Action Baltimore.  He was delighted at my laudation.   It was run by AIDS activist and 
friend of mine – Lynda Dee..
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 281 ---
279
Mar. 26, 2012 – Gave my Nifty-Fifty Lecture on a “Career in Public Service” TO Walter 
Johnson High School in Bethesda.   It was fun since the students were so engaged with 
me.
Mar. 27, 2012 – Went to National Portrait Gallery to have historical filming of my 
experience with HIV and my career.   It is part of the National Portrait Project to film the 
histories of important Americans who have made major contributions.
Mar. 28, 2012 – Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing for NIH.   Francis 
Collins, me, Varmus, Griffin, Insel, Hodes.   Too bad that these hearing are only a total of 
2 hours when we used to have 2 hours for NIAID alone.   I got questions on the H5N1 
issue.
Mar. 29-30, 2012 – Intense meeting for 1 ½ days of the NSABB to re-visit the decision 
regarding publication of the 2 manuscripts – Fouchier (Science) and Kawaoka (Nature).   
It was clear that the driving forces to still block full publication were Mike Osterholm 
and David Relman.   Surprisingly, Arturo Casadevall was also adamant.   I spent the 
entire 2 days in the room and gave rationale argument why the manuscripts should be 
published without my being too aggressive.   At the end of the meeting it was voted 18 – 
0 to publish the Kawaoka manuscript and 12 – 6 to publish the Fouchier manuscript.   
Thus, the NSABB reversed themselves.   Several factors went into this.  First was 
(although they were reluctant to admit it) was the fact that although the Fouchier 
manuscript was not clearly written and Ron himself had given the impression that these 
were really dangerous results, the fact is the NSABB completely misinterpreted the 
transmission experiments (see above regarding Geneva meeting of Feb. 16-17).   They 
had thought that the animals that had been infected by aerosol had actually died when 
they did not.   They only died when 1 million IDs were inserted directly into the trachea 
of the ferrets.   In addition, some epidemiology data were presented that showed that in 
the wild in Chickens and even in some infections in people (in Egypt), the virus was 
assimilating some of the mutations described and engineered by Fouchier and Kawaoka.
     An interesting note:  in typical bullshit fashion that I have seen before, Mike Imperiale 
and Lynn Enquist (NSABB members told May Patterson that they wanted me to declare 
right before the 2nd day that since I was a funder of the research that I had a conflict of 
interest in the discussions even though I had every right to be there since I am an ex 
officio member of the Board.   They actually felt that I might not give grants to people 
who were funded by NIAID and who voted to not publish the 
manuscripts……..absolutely amazing bullshit!   In any event, I merely said at the 
beginning of the second day that as everyone knows I am the funder of the research, but 
that I respect greatly the members of the board and their opinions and this was “nothing 
personal, but strictly business”.    You could tell that the good people on the Board had no 
idea why I was saying this, but it apparently satisfied the “cowards” on the Board.   If 
they are not strong enough to stand up for what they feel, they should not be on a USG 
Advisory Board.
    It will be interesting to see what the press such as Laurie Garrett who was blogging 
like crazy regarding how “courageous” the board was in standing up to the self-interest of 
the influenza research community when, in fact< she had no idea what the data showed – 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 282 ---
280
typical Laurie Garrett.   Also, I wonder what Phil Boffey is thinking.   He was skeptical 
of me on our phone conversations when I said that he went too far with his alarmist 
Editorial in the NY Times on “Engineered Doomsday”.   He sort of rebuked me saying 
that the NSABB was a Board of “Top Scientists” and how could I be so at odds with 
them.   I could not tell him at the time that they had completely mis-read the manuscript.   
Interesting and unprecedented situation.
    Also, on the first day of the meeting (March 29), the USG (mainly NSS) came out with 
the official DURC Policy that guides how we should approach DURC.  
April 5, 2012 – Appeared on Channel 8 “Capitol Insider” to discuss the NSABB 
situation.
April 11, 2012 – Amazing shit.   Mike Imperiale (mostly likely him) of the NSABB 
called a New Editor from Nature (Brendan Maher) and told him that he felt nervous 
about voting against publication of the manuscripts since he was afraid that I would not 
fund his grants if he did.   I cannot believe the pettiness and cowardice of some people in 
Science.
April 12, 2012 – I called Paul Berg is Stanford today to get his perspective since he was 
so involved in a leadership role in the Asilomar situation in the 1970s.  We had a great 
conversation as we discussed the similarities and differences between then and now.   I 
pointed out and he agreed that there is still today “scientific hubris” on the part of some 
people.   Ron Fouchier showed that early on.   Hopefully now he is “cured”.   However, 
Paul emphasized (as I feel) that the issue with bioterrorists is really a non-issue.   He is 
concerned about sloppy science and public trust.   He said that in the 1970s there was 
little concern about “germ warfare”.   I told him that that is the biggest difference from 
todfay when biodefense and biosecurity is a cottage interested with people (Ingesbly et 
al) and Agencies (DHS) who think about and work on this full time.   In addition, there 
are the biodefense “Beltway Bandits”.   This “Biosecurity intimidation” matches the 
“Scientific Hubris”.
More amazing shit.   Mike Osterholm wrote a letter to Amy Patterson with a cc to the 
entire NSABB membership excluding the ex officio members saying that he feels that the 
NSABB meeting was “rigged’ by us to come up with the outcome that happened.   I truly 
believe that he is traying to cover his ass that the NSABB completely missed the point of 
the transmissibility.   This is similar to the Nature issue from yesterday.   In addition, he 
disingenuously mentioned to Amy in the e-mail that he does not want this to be a public 
statement and does not want it to leak even though he copied about 50 people.   Give me 
a break!!!!   See letter below.
NSABB letter final 
41212.pdf
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 283 ---
281
April, 13, 2012 – It has leaked 12 hours after it was sent.   There is no way that Mike did 
not know it would leak since he sent it to so many people.   It has appeared on the Nature 
website and in and “Science Insider” article by Jon Cohen.   It is clear to me that Mike 
Osterholm is bipolar.   If you look at the letter, it is crazy.   He keeps referring to 
“anonymous” influenza researchers who are not involved in transmissibility research who 
say that the research should not have been done.   In the Science Insider piece, Susan 
Ehrlich, another NSABB member says that she agrees with Mike.   She is a complete 
goof-ball, having spoken with her at the NSABB meeting.    Mike goes on in the letter to 
say that the NIH did not invite any experts on surveillance or non-transmission influenza 
experts, even though he requested this.   We checked all of the files and he never made 
any such requests.   He asked for a security briefing that said that there was no credible 
terror threat with H5N1.   This is not what he wanted to hear and so he said that the 
briefing was useless.   BTW, it was given by the CIA and the NIA.   He also states that 
according to discussions at the March 29-30 NSABB meeting, Ron Fouchier already has 
the necessary mutations to create a ferret-transmissible virus that do not require passage.   
Since Mike absolutely knew that this letter would leak, he has egregiously violated the 
confidentiality agreement of the NSABB.   This together with the paranoid statement of 
Mike Imperiale that he was uncomfortable because he thought that the NIAID would not 
fund his grant if he voted to not publish makes me certain that the NSABB as it is 
presently constituted is fatally flawed.   As you can imagine, the press and bloggers are 
having a field day with this.   I am astounded that Helen Branswell (Canadian Press) was 
more interested in why she was not given the leaked document than she was in the fact 
that the very leaking of the document reflects the craziness of some people on the 
NSABB.
     This whole process has circumvented our plan to coordinate with the Dutch our 
release of the NSABB recommendations since Mike in effect has made public the 
“minority vote” before the actual majority vote to publish. Remember, the committee 
voted 18-0 to publish the Kawaoka manuscript and 12-6 to publish the Fouchier 
manuscript.
April 14, 2012 – Went over John and Elaine Gallin’s to first have John and I fish in the 
Potomac and then have dinner.   Unfortunately, John backed out of his garage going very 
fast without looking in his rear view mirror and smashed the rear-end of my car.   
Damages = >$5000.00.  More later.
April 18, 2012 – Went to Palo Alto to give the Thomas C. Merigan Lecture at Stanford.   
Great day.   Lectured on “Ending the AIDS Pandemic” and had several long Qs and As 
sessions with students, fellows and faculty.   I thoroughly enjoyed it.   Got me out of the 
craziness of the Washington scene with H5N1 (see below).   Of note, Stan Falkow wrote 
me a terrific note of how amazing I was with the fellows and students.  It was important 
coming from him since he had been one of the people who were against me 10 years ago 
when we began the $1.5 billion biodefense program.   He wrote me an e-mail after the 
Merigan Lecture and said that he knew that I loved my job as NIAID Director, but I am 
truly a great “professor” and teacher in the classic sense. Several students and faculty told 
me it was the best lecture that they had ever heard there and the best interaction with 
students/faculty.   Also, had dinner with Ali the night before at “Cuccina Italiana” in Palo 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 284 ---
282
Alto.   It was great seeing her.   She is amazing – getting great grades in Computer 
Science and rowing stroke on the II Varsity 8 boat.   She is a walk on to the Stanford 
nationally ranked Division I  crew team and last year started on the Varsity 4 and now 
she is stroke on the II Varsity 8.   Last year and this year she was given a $24,000 athletic 
scholarship.
April 13-23, 2013 -   For the past several weeks there has been intense activity regarding 
the situation with H5N1.   General press not really involved, but Helen Branswell 
(Canadian Press) and Laurie Garrett as well as some bloggers are stoking the flames and 
coming up with mischief.   USG (NIH/HHS/Amy Patterson) have put together a letter 
point-by-point countering the crazy accusations in Mike Osterholm’s letter.   Big 
discussion at HHS/NSS about whether to have Sec. Sebelius officially accept the NSABB 
recommendations about publishing the 2 papers.   Out of respect for the Dutch, State 
Department wants to wait until the April 23-24 meeting of the Dutch for the 
announcement.  Real circus → White House (Heidi Avery) want us to release the 
acceptance now; Dutch are now saying that they may not allow Fouchier to resubmit the 
revised manuscript to Science without an export control license; Fouchier says that this is 
basic research that is not controlled by export control and so threatens to release it to 
Science anyway.   He can theoretically face a fine and 6 years in jail.   HHS releases 
Secretary Sebelius’s acceptance on Friday afternoon, April 20; however, in order to half-
way not offend the Dutch, they have Francis Collins announce on the NIH Website that 
the Secretary has accepted the recommendations of the NSABB to publish without her 
actually saying it.   Meanwhile, the bloggers (Helen Branswell and others) are accusing 
the USG of releasing it on a slow news time (Friday afternoon).  I know that this is 
clearly not the case since they have been trying to get it out for days, but the bureaucracy 
has held it up.   I have a Senate Hearing coming up on April 26 where much of this will 
get hashed out.  
       I am getting extremely stressed by all of this since the really bad outcome would be 
if biomedical research on dual use issues will be severely impeded by somewhat 
hysterical responses to things that really are non-issues.   Most of the people (scientists or 
not) really do not understand the issues of ferret experiments and their limitations and the 
extremely unlikely possibility of a bioterror attack with flu compared to the importance 
of doing and communicating science to prepare against the natural emergence of 
pandemic influenza.
      
         Just to reiterate, there have been so many aspects of this “perfect storm” 
surrounding the manuscripts: 1) Ron Fouchier’s original over-selling the scary nature of 
this “I have here one of the most dangerous viruses in the world” likely and innocently 
trying to push his research and the paper. 2) The NSABB amazingly mis-reading the 
papers to believe that the aerosol-transmitted virus actually killed the animals upon 
aerosol transmission instead of only after intra-tracheal insertion of 1 million IDs. 3) The 
demagoguery of Mike Osterholm and his probable bi-polar hysteria leading the 
uninformed NSABB members.   4) The relative lack of influenza expertise of the 
NSABB members. 5) The scientific “hubris” of the influenza community, i.e. Peter 
Palese who believes (correctly) and says (unfortunately) that the non-influenza people are 
clueless. 6) The relative weakness of Paul Keim (good guy) as a Chairperson. 7) The 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 285 ---
283
opportunistic news people (Branswell – Canadian Press and Phil Boffey – NY Times). 8) 
The occasional incompetency of Amy Patterson in dealing with the NSABB even though 
everyone in the USG thinks that she is doing a great job. 9) The “bioterror-industrial 
complex”   who sees bioterrorists everywhere and whose jobs depend on the fear of 
bioterror (Thomas Ingelsby – think tank; Tara O’Toole – DHS; multiple Beltway bandit 
companies, etc.).
Apr. 25, 2012 – Went down to Hart Building to brief Sens. Harken and Roger Wicker in 
preparation for their trip to Africa (South Africa and Namibia) where they will visit CDC 
and NIH-funded sites.   Also briefing them were Julia Martin of PEPFAR (Eric’s Deputy) 
and Debbie Birx from CDC.   This is mostly a boondoggle for the Senators.
Apr. 26, 2012 – The heat is still on and the focus high (in some circles) regarding the 
H5N1 issue.   I testified before the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs 
Committee today.   Chair – Joe Lieberman and ranking minority – Susan Collins (R-
Maine).   Other witnesses were Dan Gerstein (DHS), Paul Keim (NSABB) and Tom 
Inglesby (Univ. of Pittsburgh).   Lieberman started the Hearing by stating that I was his 
“hero”.   Paul Keim more and more is making me believe that he is a poor Chair of 
NSABB and a weak person in that he continuously says that Mike Osterholm is off base 
with his letter to Amy and then he defends him strongly at the Hearing.   He wants it both 
ways.
The media (mostly bloggers like Laurie Garrett and others such as Helen Branswell) keep 
thinking that the USG is acting in some sort of conspiratorial manner regarding letting 
out information such as Amy’s response to Mike Letter.   In this regard, I mentioned to 
Lieberman when he asked about the accusations in Osterholm’s letter to Amy that I 
completely disagreed with most of what was in Mike’s letter and that Amy had written a 
comprehensive refutation of Mike’s points and that I would make this letter available to 
the Committee if they wished.   The press picked this up to mean that we were releasing 
the letter to the public.   That was not the case, but eventually ( a couple of days later) 
when HHS Legisl. Affairs sent the letter to Lieberman, then HHS released the letter.
Made nice remarks at Memorial for Frank Neva at the Audubon Society in Bethesda.
Apr. 29, 2012 – Went to Annual Brunch given by John McLaughlin on the roof of the 
Hay-Adams Hotel in celebration of the White House Correspondence Ball the night 
before.   It has been several years since I was invited to the Ball.   Usual DC celebrities at 
the Brunch.
May 1, 2012 – Partook in NAS Workshop Panel on 20 F Street on H5N1.   This was part 
of the NAS Annual Meeting.  Controversy continues.   At the meeting, Richard Roberts 
(1993 Nobel Laureate and known Gadfly) came to the microphone and said that many 
virologists who disagree with Francis Collins and me about doing DURC are afraid to 
speak up because they fear retribution and will not get their grants funded – Holy Shit!!  
The epitomy of paranoia.   This is not the first time that I have heard this.   I blew him out 
of the water (nicely) by saying that if anyone has even a slight awareness of the NIH peer 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 286 ---
284
review system, they would know that this was impossible even if we wanted to do this, 
which we clearly do not.
May 2, 2012 – Went to and spoke at a “Garden Party” at the home of Ellen and Gerry 
Sigal in honor of Mark Harrington and the 20th Anniversary of the Treatment Action 
group (TAG).   I honored him and reminisced about the activist years in the late 1980s 
and early 1990s.   Also speaking was Peggy Hamburg.
May 3, 2012 – Spoke at the Lasker Board Dinner held at the Howard Hughes Medical 
Institute Headquarters on Jones Bridge Road.   Spoke about H5N1 issue.
May 10, 2012 – Met with old friend Ron Dellums (Former Chair of House Armed 
Services Committee and former Mayor of Oakland).   He has retired from politics and 
wanted to chat with me about opportunities in consulting in global Health.   He had come 
on the original trip with Tommy Thompson in 2002 to Africa.   I referred him to Stewart 
Simonson.
     Reviewed data with Ian Lipkin over the phone of study that he coordinated.   Data 
showed that the prior studies from Judy Vitkovits and Harvey Alter/Shy Lo indicating a 
connection with XMRV/MLV and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome were in fact artifact and 
there is no connection.
     Appeared on The NewsHour interviewed by Ray Suarez on the positive 
recommendation of the FDA Advisory Committee to approve Truvada as PrEP.
May 11, 2012 – Flew to Miami for U of M Commencement and had dinner with 
awardees and commencement speakers for the entire University.   Donna Shalala 
(President of U of M) was my sponsor.   Dinner at amazingly palatial home of Leonard 
and Jayne Abess.   Formerly home of Sylvester Stallone.   Susan Rice (US Ambassador 
to the UN) was also there.   She had given Commencement Address to the Law School 
that day.  Sat next to Stuart Miller who had donated $200 million to the U of M Medical 
School, which is now named after him.   Stayed at Biltmore Hotel in Coral Cables and 
went on nice long, warm run
May 12, 2012 – Received honorary Doctor of Science at University of Miami and 
delivered Commencement Address.   Beautiful and enjoyable day.
May 14-16, 2012 – Megan’s graduation.   Arrived evening of May 14 and had dinner 
with Meg, Jen, Chris, and Amanda at Gazala restaurant (Israeli) on Columbus Avenue 
and 78th Street.  Great time.   Day of May 15 – Megan’s College of Arts and Sciences 
Commencement.   Megan graduates Summa Cum Laude!!!!   Amazing kid.   Dinner that 
night at a Vegan restaurant.   Stayed at Denise and Jack apartment.   May 16 – full 
University graduation.   Columbia president Bollinger gave address.   Of note, President 
Obama gave commencement address at Barnard 2 days before, much to the dismay of the 
Columbia Community.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 287 ---
285
May 16, 2012 – Barry Bloom sends me pre-print of Commentary that will appear in 
Science at the same time as my and Francis Collins’ article.   Barry’s co-author is the ever 
crazy Lone Simonson.   They are proposing that the USG create an Interagency 
Committee with final authoritative power to decide what DURC experiments can and 
cannot be done.  There really are well meaning people who just do not understand this 
issue and it worries me.   There is a real danger of inadvertently hindering science in 
Infectious Diseases by censoring it.
May 17, 2012 – Appeared on “Talk of the Nation” on NPR on the recommendation of 
the FDA Advisory Panel to Approve Truvada as PrEP and the OraQuick test for HIV.
May 18, 2012 – Spoke at the NAS/IOM President’s Circle Annual Meeting on the H5N1 
issue.   This is still hot among certain circles.   Meeting took place at the House of 
Sweden at 2900 K Street, N.W. in Georgetown.
Gave talk to IDSA Fellow at Bethesda Hyatt on “A Career at NIH”.
May 21, 2012  - Met with Sanaria people including Steve Hoffman today about an update 
on the work he is doing with his vaccine for malaria.
May 23, 2012  -  Had a great and moving evening at the Annual Sons of Italy National 
Education Leadership Awards Gala at the National Building Museum.   I presented a 
scholarship to a student who will be going to Harvard next year.   Various awards went to 
different people.   Hillary Clinton got if for a Lifetime of Public Service and responded 
by video.   Most moving moment of the night was when Tony Odierno (son of Gen. Ray 
Odierno), who lost his left arm in Iraq due to an RPG presented an award to Gen. Peter 
Pace, who is a Brooklyn boy and with whom I received the Presidential of Freedom and 
so I know him.  Pete told the story of his first soldier whom he commanded who was 
killed in action in Viet Nam when Pete was a 22 year old 2nd Lieutenant.  His name was 
Lance Corporal Guido Farinaro.   Pete was incredibly moving and mentioned how 
throughout his entire military career he carried a picture of LCP Farinaro with him.   
Also, a little drama at the dinner.   I was called to see and take care of the famous tenor 
Michael Amante who sings often at the Galas.   Mike had recently (3 months) lost his 
wife to a cerebral hemorrhage.   Mike is 49 years old.   He is left caring for 3 children – 
9, 7, and 5 years old.   He is overwhelmingly stressed, did not sleep the night before and 
was clearly dehydrated.  He is on several meds for hypercholesterolemia and high BP.   
He felt woozy and “spaced out”.   I tanked him up with fluids and he responded quickly 
and well.   He resting heart rate went from 88 to 70.   He then sang beautifully and at the 
end of the medley he pointed his finger at me (seated at a Table in the front).  
May 24, 25, 26, 2012 – Drove up to Princeton with Chris to watch Ali compete in the 
Women’s NCAA National Championships.   Ali had recently been promoted from the 2V 
boat to rowing Stroke for the 1V Eight boat!!!!    Stanford had a mishap in the first heat 
when their rudder broke.   Ali and her team were not to be put aback.   They had the 
opportunity to row again in the reportage race and came out 1st among 7 boats and so 
entered the semi-finals.   Their time of 6 min. 47 seconds was their best time yet this 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 288 ---
286
year.   Unfortunately, they missed out in the semis even though they broke their own time 
record by rowing a 6 min. 22 second race.  They were in a heat with the top 3 teams in 
the country – Virginia, Cal, and USC.   She rows tomorrow in the “petite final”.
May 30-31, 2012 – Went to NYC  to give Commencement Address at Brooklyn College 
and receive an honorary degree.   Bright sunny day.   I lot of déjà vu driving from 
Manhattan to Brooklyn through Atlantic Avenue and then Bedford Avenue.   God bless 
Brooklyn College, they tried (for the first time in their history) have all 1600 graduates 
from all of their schools come on the stage to shake the hand of the President – Karen 
Gould.   My co-recipient of an honorary doctorate was the jazz legend Cecil Taylor, a 
feeble old man, but very gentle.   Sen. Chick Schumer came and said a few words to the 
graduates.  Brooklyn Borough President gave a hilarious speech about Brooklyn.   Had 
dinner with Jenny the night before.   Went to Kefi restaurant on 85th and Columbus 
Avenue.   I never really appreciated the West Side of Manhattan when I lived for so many 
years on the East Side.   Jenny is an amazing young woman who is trying to figure out 
who she is and what she wants in life.   She is currently a graduate student at Teachers 
College of Columbia University getting a Masters in Developmental Psychology.
On May 30 right before I left for NYC, CNN’s Wolf Blitzer’s producer called and said 
that Wolf wanted me on CNN Situation Room to discuss a recent paper by Peter Hotez 
(formerly of GW and now at Baylor) who wrote a paper in PLoS  journal saying that 
Chagas disease was the new HIV/AIDS.   I like Peter, but I had to contradict this 
potentially misleading statement.   I could not appear live and so CNN did a telephone 
interview and showed me testifying at a Congressional Hearing at the same time that they 
played my voiced interview.   Nice trick.
June 1, 2012 - NIAID had our annual spring policy retreat at the Hilton Hotel in 
Rockville which was a meeting between our group and the Bill and Melinda Gates 
Foundation (BMGF) in order to determine possibilities of strengthening current 
collaborations and forging new collaborations.  Present at the meeting were the senior 
leadership of the Institute together with Trevor Mundel (President of the Global Health 
Program for the BMGF), Nina Russell, Dan Hartmann, Chris Wilson and Jan…..   The 
discussions went very well and I feel that our collaborations will strengthen.   I was 
impressed by the sincerity of Trevor.
In the early evening, paid tribute to Ed Tramont at a symposium in his honor at the 
USUHS across the street from NIH.    Tornadoes and thunderstorms hit the DC area 
during the late afternoon and early evening.
June 9, 2012 – Went with Chris to Annual Garden Party at the home of Jamie Gorelick 
and Rich Waldron.   Usual good time with the usual Washington elite there, i.e. Ruth 
Marcus, Chris Matthews, etc.  Always good to see Jamie and Rich.  Wonder whether 
Jamie will ever get back into USG.
June 12, 2012 – Had dinner over my house with the 3 week-day bachelors (i.e. their 
wives live and work in different cities): Harold Varmus (Connie in NYC); Gary Nabel 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 289 ---
287
(Betsy in Boston); and Eric Goosby (Nancy in San Francisco).   I served a Ziti pasta with 
grilled shrimp and tomato sauce.   Had great time – good friends all.
June 14, 2012 – At the invitation of Larry Kramer, I attended the “official” opening of 
“The Normal Heart” at the Arena Stage Theater.   Had dinner with Larry and NYC and 
DC theater notables in the absolutely beautiful new atrium in the new Arena Stage 
(totally different from when Chris and I had season tickets decades ago).   The play was 
amazing – truly moving.   Had reception afterwards and met the cast and the Director 
(George C. Wolfe) who, according to Larry, is the top Director on Broadway today.
June 15, 2012 – Went to a cocktail reception honoring Larry Kramer at the home of Don 
and Ann Brown at 3005 Audubon Terrace, N.W.; Washington, DC).   Ann is a childhood 
and high school friend of Larry from when he lived in DC.   Larry went to Woodrow 
Wilson High School.   Amazingly elegant home.   Brought Chris as well as Megan and 
Ali, who was in DC for 3 days between Stanford (just finished her exams) and Seattle 
(summer job with Microsoft).   Also met Larry’s partner – David Webster – really nice 
man.  Good that Megan and Ali and Chris got to see Larry.   I explained to Meg and Ali 
what an iconic and controversial figure Larry was and is.
Also, for past months I have been preparing for and putting together my Plenary Talk for 
the IAS on July 23.   Need to get it done since I go to the big Harrison’s meeting in 
Martha’s Vineyard for 9 days right before the IAS meeting and need to get my talk 
finished and out of the way before I go to the Vineyard.
June 22, 2012 - In Boston today to participate in the 200th Anniversary Celebration of the 
New England Journal of Medicine.   I had been asked to write one of about 12 articles 
over the year 2012 (NEJM started in 1812) summarizing the advances in a given field.   
Obviously, my assignment was Infectious Diseases.   My article came out a few months 
ago – co-author was David Morens.   The symposium today was reflection on 30+ years 
of HIV.   I gave the opening overview lecture and then there were comments from David 
Ho, Bob Massie, Beatrice Hahn, and Paul Farmer.   Moderator was Marty Hirsch and 
Panel discussion followed.   Held at Joseph Martin Auditorium across the street from 
Harvard medical School on 77 Louis Pasteur Avenue.   Hot, hot June day over >95 
degrees.   Nice conference.   Audience filled with medical students from all over the 
world who won essay-writing competition.
June 28, 2012 – Supreme Court with Chief Justice Roberts pulling an amazing maneuver 
actually confirms the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act, but calls the Individual 
Mandate a “tax”.  Everyone thought that he would be the deciding vote against, but he 
was the deciding vote for the Law.  Nonetheless, by calling the mandate a “tax” he makes 
Obama look bad since Obama has always insisted that it was not a tax.
June 29, 2012  Had a historic thunderstorm with winds up to 80 to 90 miles an hour on 
the night of June 29. Major power outages were experienced throughout the area. No 
major damage to my house but again we have several days and up to a week of power 
outages.  Incredible how PEPCO can let outages go for 1 week.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 290 ---
288
July 3, 2012 – Saw “Normal Heart” again at Arena Stage.  Wonderful play.   Many 
people in audience recognized me and thanked me for my work.
July 9-18, 2012 – Went to Martha’s Vineyard (MV) for the “Big” meeting of the 
editorial Board of HPIM-19 with the McGraw-Hill people.   Great meeting, great 
weather.   Chris and Megan came for 2 days on July 14-15.  Went sailing with Dennis 
Kasper on his boat on July 14.  Great time. Democratic National Committee also has 
meeting on island.   Met and chatted a few times with Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-OH).   
Good guy.   I know him for years.
     Left 1 day early.  July 18, 2012.  Good that I did since at the airport at MV I got a call 
from CNN that Wolf Blitzer wanted me on the show tonight to discuss the FDA approval 
of Trivia as Prep   I accepted and had a scare since the plane took off late from MV and 
then circled DCA for 25 minutes before landing.   I had intended to go home and change 
first from my casual clothes to TV clothes.   However, there was no time and CNN send 
limo to airport to pick me up and go directly to CNN studio for the live shot.   Had just a 
few minutes to change into shirt and tie.   All went well. Also did WTOP News, local 
Channel 9 TV, and ABC radio.   Looking forward to IAS meeting in DC this coming 
week.
July 20 – 28, 2012 – Most amazing week leading up to and during the XIX International 
AIDS Society (IAS) Conference. 25,000 people attended (largest AIDS meeting in 
history). I am including as an attachment my schedule for this week and I will comment 
below on some salient issues.
ASF DC 2012 FINAL 
Schedule - July 27.do
Truly amazing.   The theme of the meeting was “Turning the Tide Together”.   I 
Delivered the Opening Scientific Plenary Lecture on Monday, July 23, the morning after 
the Opening ceremony (see below).  My talk was entitled: “Ending the HIV/AIDS 
Pandemic: From Scientific Advances to Public Health Implementation”.   The DC 
Convention Center main lecture hall was packed with approximately 10,000 people.   It 
was one of the best Plenary Lectures that I have ever given and I have spoken as a  main 
speaker at every one of the 19 IAS meetings.   The number of kudos I got regarding my 
talk was incredible.   The amount of press coverage of the event was astounding.  Jon 
Cohen did a feature on me in Science that came out right before the meeting started and 
everyone was talking about it.   It was a story he wrote after spending an entire day with 
me at NIH.  In addition, there were several articles that I wrote (usually with Greg 
Folkers) that came out right before or during the meeting such as a piece in Health 
Affairs, JAMA, JAIDS, etc.   In a separate piece in Health Affairs, John Donnelly wrote a 
history of PEPFAR and described my involvement.   He also interviewed Mark Dybul 
and Mark made it seem that he played a greater role at the White House level than he 
really did although Mark’s role behind the scene was incredibly important during the 
creation of the blueprint for PEPFAR.   But, who cares?   It was a good article although 
Gary Edson got pissed off at it when he saw it since he knows exactly how PEPFAR 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 291 ---
289
happened. Gary sent me an e-mail saying there were only 2 important people for 
PEPFAR – me and pres. Bush.    There was major Press and very interesting and 
entertaining social events.
 A few comments on my Press appearances:  CNN with Wolf Blitzer (The Situation 
Room) on July 16 (days before the meeting started) associated with the FDA approval of 
Truvada for PrEP; Diane Rehm Show on July 24 (day after my Plenary); Op-ed by me in 
the Washington Post on the last day of the meeting (Friday July 27); MSNBC with 
Andrea Mitchell on July 27; Bloomberg News on July 24.  Also, about 30 appearances on 
blog videos.  Also, multiple radio interviews (CBS, ABC, NPR, etc.)  Mentioned in NY 
Times Editorial the day after the meeting. On Tuesday, July 24, spoke at panel at 
Washington Post for 1 hour.
With regard to the social events, it was amazing.   At a ONE –sponsored event at the 
Eisenhower Theater at the Kennedy Center on July 21 (night before the opening of the 
meeting), I was asked to give a few remarks from the stage concerning an AIDS-Free 
generation.   I paired up with Kay Warren, wife of Rick Warren the pastor of Saddleback 
Church.  Others who presented to the audience and whom I interacted with and talked 
backstage were:   Alysia Keyes, Annie Lennox, Herbie Hancock, Nancy Pelosi, 
Congresswoman Barbara Lee, among many others.  Annie Lennox gave a smashing 
rendition of her classic song “Sweet Dreams”.  Right before that, I was invited to an 
Awards Dinner hosted by AMFAR for Bill Gates (I also had a 1-on-1 meeting with Bill 
on Monday, July 23).  At the dinner, I met and chatted with Anderson Cooper, Sharon 
Stone among others.   During the Opening Plenary Session, I led it off, followed by Phill 
Wilson of Black AIDS Institute, followed by Hillary Clinton.   
      Big deal social event (July 24) that I really enjoyed was reception given by Open 
Society Foundation and Syringe Access Fund at the Open Society Foundation D.C. 
Headquarters in honor of Elton John.   I had never met Sir Elton, but he specifically 
requested that I introduce him at the reception together with his partner David Furnish 
who is Chairman of the Elton John AIDS Foundation.   Got great pictures of Elton and 
me and he was very moved by my introduction.   I had just finished reading his new book 
:Love is the Cure” focused on how his relationship with Ryan Whyte turned Elton’s life 
around for good as he was at the time an egregious cocaine addict and alcoholic and 
bulimic.   He has been clean for 22 years.   Really nice guy who clearly understands what 
I have done.
    Signed Letter of Intent with the French (Jean Francois Delfraissy and Yves Levy) for 
collaboration on a “cure” on Monday, July 23.   Parenthetically, the cure people at the 
meeting were really egregiously promoting their results with “flushing out the virus” 
(David Margolis from UNC and Steve Deeks from UCSF).   Margolis used to be at 
NIAID and he really in barely mediocre and is using the enthusiasm for a cure as a means 
to get new money. Their over-exaggeration is really pissing me off.
     Thursday, July 26 – called to White House by Heidi Avery for a different issue.   I am 
going to NYC for the Centers of Excellence for Influenza Research and Surveillance 
(CEIRS) meeting of influenza scientists to discuss the lifting or not of the moratorium on 
gain-of-function work on transmissibility/pathogenesis of H5N1 (see above).   White 
House, including the POTUS is concerned about a misleading story by Nell Greenfield 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 292 ---
290
Boyce of NPR that said that I was going to expedite the lifting of the moratorium at the 
NYC meeting and the White House is worried that people will react to my “rushing” 
things.   I told Heidi that this was nonsense and that in the NPR interview I meant that I 
wanted to expedite a conversation among the flu scientists to try to make their case, but 
they are not the only voice.   We need input from the general public, other non-flu 
scientists, biosecurity and biosafety people and the global community before we again 
embark on experiments that some in the rest of the world may perceive could endanger 
them without input from them.   Bottom line is that I told Heidi that I was going to 
recommend to the CEIRS scientists NOT to lift the moratorium.   I suggested she tell the 
WH staff and the POTUS not to worry and that I will not sanction lifting the moratorium,
Also on July 26, Pres. Obama held a reception at the White House East Room for 
HIV/AIDS “players” and stakeholders.   I went straight from Heidi’s office to the East 
Room.    Obama gave his usual pep talk.  Of note, he thanked the usual people (Pelosi, 
etc.) and also Eric Goosby (clearly deserved it) and Grant Kolfax the new WH AIDS 
coordinator who has been on the job for a couple of months.   The POTUS speechwriter 
clearly is out of touch since he did not call me out is his speech to the amazement of 
many in the room.   However, as Obama looked around the room as he was talking from 
notes, he saw me and clearly recognized me, but obviously could not remember my name 
and so stuttered a bit apart from his notes and thanked “people from NIH for their good 
work”.   I do not blame him for forgetting my name but his staff clearly is out of it.   
Speaking of names, Bush never would have forgotten.   Just shows Obama’s weak 
connection to the AIDS issue.   But, to his credit, as he walked the “line” shaking hands 
afterward, he shook my hand and pointed to me saying “nice job”.   Whatever….
All in all a truly amazing week.   Weather was sunny and hot all week.   No rain; typical 
sunny, hot DC week.
July 31, 2012 – Controversy continues regarding CEIRS investigators and the 
“moratorium” on H5N1 research (see immediately above meeting with Heidi Avery).   I 
went to NYC to the Marquis Marriott Hotel on 46th and Broadway to address the 
investigators of the CEIRS (Centers of Excellence on Influenza research and 
Surveillance).   We opened it to the Press and NPR (Nell Greenfield Boyce) and Science 
and Nature were there.   I insisted that my presentation (25 minutes) be fully recorded as 
with the Qs and As so that there would be no misquotes.  I made a firm argument for 
continuing the moratorium.   The usual people opposed it such at Ron Fouchier, Danny 
Perez, Peter Palese; however they respected my opinion.   They still do not “get it’ and 
think with all the public furor that they can just go on and do these DURC experiment 
without full public by-in and comment.   See my written remarks file for July 31, 2012.   
Also, I got great kudos from many investigators (see Arturo Casadevall’s e-mail below).   
Also, great stories in NPR radio the next AM (Aug. 1) and in various blogs and Science, 
Nature, etc.
From: Arturo Casadevall [mailto:arturo.casadevall@einstein.yu.edu] 
Sent: Tuesday, July 31, 2012 1:29 PM
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 293 ---
291
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Awesome speech at flu meeting
Dear Tony,
I feel bad adding one more line to your inbox but I must tell you were terrific today – 
clear, powerful, articulate, logical.  My ‘take’ is that it was a very successful 
presentation.  You are a great scientist and public servant.  It is an honor to know you.
Arturo
Arturo Casadevall MD, PhD
Professor and Chair
Leo and Julia Forchheimer Chair
Department of Microbiology & Immunology
Albert Einstein College of Medicine
1300 Morris Park Ave
Bronx, New York 10461
August 31, 2012 -   Slow month of August in D.C. Summer.   On Aug. 8, 2012 did a 
“Science in the Cinema” performance at the AFI Theater in Silver Spring with Ian Lipkin 
for the movie “Contagion”.   Fun being with Ian.   Always a character.
Problem over past 2 weeks with the PR associated with Klebsiella pneumonia – 
carbapenam-resistant organism (KPC) in the NIH Clinical Center.   The Clinical Center  
(CC) and NHGRI people published a paper in Science Translational Medicine on the 
genetic analysis by deep sequencing of a KPC the originated from an index case in the 
CC and then infected spread by people or fomites to 17 other people in the CC – 11 
deaths – 6 from KPC bacteremia.   The PR people at CC did not handle it well.  They got 
so absorbed in the science of the paper that they did not realize that the community 
reaction would be “Why did not anyone tell us about this outbreak – even though there 
was no actionable information here since the organism does not bother healthy people 
and the man-on-Wisconsin Avenue is at no risk.
Aug 15 to 25, I had bad URI with fever and malaise that took 2 weeks to resolve.
Over the past few weeks, I have become enamored/obsessed with the Washington 
Nations baseball team.   I feel like I felt when I was 12 years old and knew the batting 
averages of all of the N.Y. Yankees.   The Nats are 7 ½ games in first place and they have 
the best pitching staff in baseball – Steve Strasburg, Gio Gonzales, Jordan Zimmerman, 
Ross Detwiler, Erwin Rodriguez.   There hitters are amazing.   Bryce Harper (19 years 
old) is pounding the ball and he runs and throws and fields like Mickey Mantle.   Also, 
Jason Werth, Adam La Roche, Ryan Zimmerman, Michael Morse, Ian Desmond, Danny 
Espinoza – all very good hitters.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 294 ---
292
Sept. 7, 2012 -  As part of the kick-off of the “Celebration of Science” weekend here in 
D.C. and at NIH sponsored by Michael Milken, I was on a 2 man panel run by Greg 
Simon, formerly of  Faster Cures”.   The panel (filmed for TV) was on the science and 
real world of HIV/AIDS.   My co-panelist was Magic Johnson.  It was a fun experience.   
He is a wonderful guy with an amazingly infectious smile.  He commented to the 
audience during the panel that he wanted to go on a “road show” with me since I explain 
“stuff” so well.  He said that I “…really get it and can speak to the common man”.  We 
spoke about basketball and baseball. We spoke about our children. His son is at NYU, 
and loves NYC as do Jenny and Megan.   He has another son who works for him in his 
Company/Foundation.  His daughter is a High School student in L.A.   He is part-owner 
of the L.A. Dodgers and we spoke about how good the Washington Nationals are this 
year (see above).
Sept 8-12, 2012 – The past few days have been very intense, but exciting. Following the 
Celebration of Science meeting in Washington DC,  I immediately went up to Boston to 
deliver the opening plenary lecture at the 2012 AIDS vaccine meeting. It was extremely 
well received.  Following my talk Gov. Deval Patrick got up and welcomed the audience 
to Boston and made the comment that it was an honor to be on the same stage with Dr. 
Tony Fauci and the thanked me for my service to the country.
Over the past few days that has been continued activity concerning the dual use research 
of concern issue particularly regarding highly pathogenic H5N1  influenza virus.   I had a 
conversation with Heidi Avery of the National Security Staff on September 12 during 
which she encouraged me to continue to try and find the right balance between safety and 
security as well as the benefits of doing such research. Heidi has always been a very good 
friend to me and she informs me that she will be leaving the national security staff to go 
back to her major post at the CIA.  We have a major meeting coming up in December, 
2012 to discuss the moratorium on H5N1 research. This should be an important meeting 
to set general principles of the types of research that should or should not be done.   I 
have really enjoyed working with Heidi over the past few years.
Sept. 12, 2012 -  Conversations with Heidi Avery continued – Heidi called my office 
when I was out running on an absolutely beautiful September day.   My office contacted 
me and I came up to office and called Heidi with my running clothes on.   Bottom line is 
that Heidi re-confirmed her strong feeling that the NSABB or any other advisory body 
should not be dictating to the USG what we can or cannot do, particularly when it comes 
to national security.   She wanted to emphasize that she does not want NSABB making 
any pronouncements about the general “straw man” principles about what H5N1 
influenza research should or should not be done.   When I explained to her how the 
NSABB (which is scheduled to meet in October) was insistent that they determine the 
principles, Heidi was adamant.   She finally said (in good spirits since we are good 
friends) that no way did she want any pronouncement about the general principles about 
conducting research (particularly from Mike Osterholm – she has his number) from the 
NSABB BEFORE THE NOV. 6 ELECTION.  I told her that I understood.   This will 
really be dicey since we have to figure out a way out of the October NSABB meeting 
and/or a way to get them off this subject.   Heidi also confided in me that Leon Panetta 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 295 ---
293
really wanted her back at CIA for a “special assignment”   (remember, she was counter-
terrorism before coming to NSS).   Also, I finally told Heidi that there is definitely a 
direct leak from IPC (likely Kris Beardsley) to Mike Osterholm.   Heidi said she knew 
this all along and she knows exactly who it is, although I am not entirely certain.   More 
later, since we now have to decide whether to cancel the October NSABB meeting which 
will cause an uproar among some of them or take the chance of their coming up with 
something that Heidi does not want to see happen.
Sept. 15, 2012 – Exceptionally pleasant and enjoyable evening.   Bob and Deborah Seder 
invited Chris and me to join them for the Bruce Springsteen concert at Nationals 
Stadium.   He arranged an amazing group of 10 people for the event.   It included Bob 
Woodward and his wife Elsa Walsh, a couple Christen (executive director of the Four 
Seasons Hotel in DC) and his wife Meg (? last name), Bob (very wealthy entrepreneur) 
and wife Alison (? Last name) Bob and Deborah, Chris and me.   We met at Café Milano 
and had a great meal; a van took us to Nat’s Stadium and back.  The concert was truly 
amazing.   Springsteen and his E Street band gave the best musical performance that I 
have ever experienced.   We had seats on the infield right in front of the stage that was set 
up on where the outfield is for baseball games.   However, we did not sit since everyone 
was standing.   Springsteen played for 3 hours and 45 minutes without stopping for a 
minute.   He went from one song to another.  The crowd absolutely loved it.   It was a 
beautiful “Indian Summer” evening at around 70 degrees.  Got to know Bob Woodward 
with prolonged conversations about what I do and what he does.  He feels passionate 
about what he wrote in his latest book (came out this week) entitled “The Price of 
Politics”.   He is a good guy and it was fun getting to know him.
Sept. 18, 2012 – Pleasant surprise.   Received an inscribed copy of Bob Woodward’s new 
book “The Price of Politics” with a note written in the first page – “To Tony Fauci and 
Christine Grady – What a great night it was! – With greatest regards, Bob Woodward”.
Sept. 19, 2012 – Received “The Starlight Award” together with Roy Vagelos from the 
Children’s Inn at NIH.   I received it for the “Science” and Roy for his extraordinary 
influence on building of the Inn in 1990 with Merck money when he was at the time the 
CEO of Merck.   Ceremony held at the Liaison Hotel at 415 New Jersey Avenue, N.W.  
Many notables from Congress and entertainment at the event.  To name a few:   
Congressmen Chris van Hollen, John Dingle, Barney Frank, Doris Matsui; Sens. Frank 
Lautenberg, Roy Blunt; TV Anchor Gordon Peterson.   MC was Cokie Roberts.  Twenty-
eight year old former AIDS patient Hydeia Broadbent gave speech and I was praised for 
helping to develop the drugs that saved her life when she came to the Inn and NIH at age 
6 years old with advanced AIDS and now she is healthy and happy – many tears in the 
audience.
Sept. 25, 2012 – Meeting in the Situation Room of the White House (1:30 to 3:00 PM) 
called by Heidi Avery.   Discussed the issues around DURC and how we are going to 
address the voluntary (on the part of the scientists) moratorium on gain-of-function for 
transmissibility in mammals research on highly pathogenic avian  H5N1 influenza.   We 
(ASF, May Patterson, Francis Collins, Larry Tabak and the HHS crew led by Sally 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 296 ---
294
Howard,  Chief-of-Staff to Sebelius and Bill Corr, Deputy Secretary, HHS)  have been 
working for several weeks on a meeting-working group-consultation (to take place 
hopefully in December, 2012) to develop principles for making decisions regarding 
funding  (mostly by HHS) for these types of H5N1 experiments.   These principles could 
then serve as the basis for guidelines for DURC that go well beyond H5N1.   The 
Europeans (mostly the Dutch with Ron Fouchier) want to end the moratorium now.   I 
have written a commentary to appear soon in mBio (online Journal of the ASM) that asks 
for keeping the moratorium on H5N1 gain-of-function until the abovementioned 
December meeting.   The NSABB people, particularly Mike Osterholm, Mike Imperiale, 
and David Relman are continuing their somewhat hysterical comments in and out of the 
press about how dangerous these experiments are and how they should never be 
performed.   
     Heidi is adamant that they could be very important to do these experiments for the 
national security and she does not tolerate any “advisory group” such as NSABB 
dictating to the USG what it can or cannot do in the line of National Security.   I love 
Heidi; she is a tough CIA operative and unfortunately for us will return to the CIA soon.  
She confided this to me a week or so ago.   Apparently, Leon Panetta has some important, 
secret assignment for her.   As always, she e-mails me or calls me after an important 
White House meeting to get my take on it.   I am inserting below an e-mail she sent me 
(10:15 PM – Sept. 25, 2012) the evening after the White House meeting:
Tony,
Just to say thank you for your time today, along with your NIH colleagues.  I am very 
sorry for how tedious parts of the discussion became.  We were not all on the same page 
before the meeting.  Hopefully you agree we identified a path forward.  I will not be 
around to see this through, but very much hope success is achieved in terms of HHS 
guidelines enabling researchers to be comfortable moving forward with this important 
work.  Really is a national security imperative.
Best regards, Heidi
Sept. 27, 2012 – Attended World Leaders Forum at the Low Library at Columbia 
University.   On a panel with Wafaa El-Sadr, Eric Goosby and Michel Sidibe (Director, 
UNAIDS).   Very enjoyable.   Jenny attended.   Discussed the potential end of AIDS.
Oct. 6 – 10, 2012 – trip to South Africa mainly to participate in the opening of the 
Kwazulu-Natal Research Institute for TB and HIV (K-RITH) in Durban.   Flew to 
Johannesburg and gave special lecture on Ending the AIDS Pandemic to the University 
of Witwatersrand.   Then drove to Pretoria to participate in the 10th Anniversary of the 
PHIDISA project with the South Africa National Defense Force (SANDF).   This 
program largely championed by Cliff Lane.   Then flew to Durban to Open the K-RITH.  
Amazing architecture of the new building.   Many luminaries present at the opening – 
Ron Daniels (Pres. of JHU), Pres. Of Mass. General, Rob Tjian – President of HHMI 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 297 ---
295
who funded the project.  NIAID funds Bill Safai (PI of KRITH).   Great dinner at the 
Oyster Box Hotel.  I gave some after dinner remarks.
Oct. 12, 2012  - Lunch at the Italian Ambassador’s (Amb. Bisogniero) home (Villa 
Firenze) on Albermarle Street, N.W.   Lunch in honor of former Italian Ambassador, now 
Foreign Minister of Italy Giulio Terzi di Sant’Agata.   
Oct. 15, 2012 - Attended the Elton John AIDS Foundation Benefit Gala at Cipriani’s 
Restaurant on Wall Street by special invitation of Sir Elton John whom I had met at the 
IAS meeting in DC in July, 2012.   The entertainment by Stevie Nicks was amazing.   
Many people came up to me thanking me for my work.   Most of these I had never met 
before.   Heavy representation of donors and business luminaries.
Oct. 16, 2012 – Spoke at the Annual Meeting of the Institute of Human Virology (Bob 
Gallo’s Institute) held at the Marriott Waterfront Hotel in Baltimore.   Took train from 
NYC (Elton John Gala) directly to Baltimore.
Oct. 17, 2012 – Participated at the National Press Club in the launching of the WHO 
Global TB Report.   Panel moderated by Jeanne Meserve (old friend from CNN, now 
with WTOP) and neighbor.   On panel was Mario Raviglione (WHO), Ken Castro 
(CDC), someone from USAID, someone from PEPFAR.
Oct. 18-19, 2012 – Went to Cornell Medical School Reunion and gave Keynote Lecture 
on Ending the AIDS Pandemic.   Went up night before (Oct. 18) and had dinner with 
Jenny at Gazala Restaurant.   Great time with her.   On the evening of Oct. 19, had class 
of 1966 reunion dinner at Nino’s Restaurant on 1st Avenue between 72 and 73rd Street.   
Really great to see some of the old crew, many of whom have retired.   They were all 
very gracious in saying how proud they were to have been my classmates.   Great to see 
Patty Downs, Suzie Stewart, Mark Kaplan, Mike Dosik, Dave Fraser, David Tucker, Jim 
McSweeney, Carmine Bedotto, Frank Duggan, Randy Bell, among many others.
Oct. 23, 2012 – Met with Howard Koh (Assist. Sec. for Health) and Deputy Ron 
Valdesarri in my conference room 7A-24.  They wanted to discuss and were actually 
putting pressure on me/us at NIH to put together a guidelines panel for treatment of HCV.  
They clearly are getting pressure from constituents.   Since we (NIH) have done such a 
great job on the HIV treatment guidelines for HHS, they wanted us to do the same for 
HCV.   Problem is that if we start doing guidelines for HCV, then other diseases would 
want us to do guidelines and we should not be in the guidelines business.   Howard was 
friendly and somewhat fawning over me.   Ron Valdesarri in my opinion is somewhat of 
a jerk.
Oct. 26, 2012 – Participated in a panel on Global Health and award ceremony at 
Georgetown.   Mark Dybul was given the Timothy Healy Award.   Panel consisted of me, 
Mark, Eric Goosby and Barbara Bush (daughter) with Marty Federov moderating.   Good 
time and enjoyable to do this with good friends.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 298 ---
296
Oct. 27, 2012 – Spoke at Panel of the Annual Meeting of the Academy of Achievement.  
Panel held at Top of the Hay Adams in the Hay-Adams Hotel.   I led off the panel 
speaking on Ending the AIDS Pandemic and an AIDS-Free Generation.   Followed by 
Pulitzer Prize winning Poet Louise Gluck   and Nobel Laureate Roger Tsien.
Night of Oct. 27 went to Gala Dinner of the Academy at the Willard Hotel – Reception is 
Crystal Room; Black Tie Dinner in Willard Room.  Typical classy Catherine and Wayne 
Reynolds Affair.  Great entertainment topped off by Aretha Franklin.   Again, Catherine 
and Wayne gave Chris and me the best tables right in front of the stage.   Usual terrific 
guests.   Wolf Blitzer MC’d.  Colin Powell was dancing on stage with Aretha Franklin.   
Lots of fun.  At my Table – Chris and Kathleen Matthews, Bill Cohen and wife Janet 
Langhart; current USA Poet Laureate Natasha Threthewey, economist (?) and his 
girlfriend Heather Hughes (29 yrs old and amazingly beautiful and friendly), Attorney 
General Eric Holder and wife Dr. Sharon Malone.
Oct. 29, 2012 – Beginning of monster hurricane “Sandy”.   Supposed to be the worst 
storm in memory with convergence of a true Atlantic Ocean Hurricane with a Nor-Easter 
coming from Canada and the West.   All airports (DCA, IAD LGA  Kennedy, etc) and 
public ground transportation (Amtrack, METRO, NYC subways) up the entire East Coast 
of USA pre-emptively closed prior to the storm.   Storm scheduled to peak here in DC 
tonight and into tomorrow.   I came to work since there is an almost 100% chance that 
my house will lose power since even lesser storms cause power outages in my 
neighborhood.   Likely will sleep here at NIH tonight.   Stay tuned……
Oct. 30 – Nov. 3, 2012– “Sandy” totally devastated parts of the East Coast, particularly 
NYC and New Jersey shore.   One of the worst, if not the worst “natural” disasters to 
strike NYC.   Wall Street under water.   Flooding of the Brooklyn-Battery tunnel and all 
NYC subway tunnels.   Con Ed plant exploded and all of lower Manhattan without 
power.   Had to evacuate Bellevue-NY University Hospital.  Atlantic City destroyed.   
Truly historic.
Nov. 6, 2012 – As I had predicted over and over again, Obama won re-election handily 
with 330 electoral votes.
Nov. 7-8, 2012 -   Went to San Francisco to give Keynote at 25th Anniversary of CFAR 
and 25th Anniversary of FDA approval of AZT.   Great trip. Went to Stanford during the 
day to see Ali before going to SF.
Nov. 19, 2012 – Appeared on ABC’s ONLINE TV show hosted by Christianne 
Amanpour on the subject of the ongoing dengue epidemic in India as well as in Madeira 
and Puerto Rico.   These ONLINE shows are fast becoming the new type of news outlets.   
A cross between regular TV and a blog.
Nov. 27, 2012 – I present the C. Everett Koop HIV/AIDS Public Health Leadership 
Award to Rep. Henry Waxman at the Mayflower Hotel.   The award is given by the 
Forum for HIV/AIDS chaired by Veronica Miller.   I gave a nice laudation with slides 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 299 ---
297
praising Henry who has become an old “warrior” friend of mine over the years.   I have 
testified before Committees that he either chaired or was minority about 25 times over the 
past 28 years.   He was very appreciative of my presentation.
Nov. 29, 2012 – Big day today.   It was the official celebration of World AIDS Day 
(WAD) and there was a celebration at the State Department from 10:30 to 11:30 AM.   
Hillary Clinton unveiled the “Blueprint” for PEPFAR to end the AIDS Pandemic.  It took 
place in the Franklin Room of the State department.   She called me out from the 
audience and thanked me for being the scientific leader that got us to where we are.   
Beautiful chilly Fall day with bright sun.
After the State event, went to the White House to celebrate WAD.   Program of several 
speakers.   I was the final speaker giving a talk about the scientific basis of being able to 
end the AIDS pandemic.   Extremely well-received.   Other speakers include:  Valeria 
Jarrett; Michel Sidebe; Eric Goosby; Sec. Sebelius; a panel chaired by Rosie Perez.
Nov. 30, 2012 -   Viewed a screening at the State Department of the acclaimed movie 
“How to Survive a Plague” about the HIV activist movement.  Host was the director of 
the movie, David France.  After the movie I was on a panel with Mark Harrington and 2 
others to discuss the movie and answer questions from David France who moderated and 
from the audience.   Went very well.   Have seen the movie before, but it still brings me 
to tears.   I was seen several times in the movie looking extremely young from the 1980s.   
Also, very poignant features of Peter Staley, Mark Harrington, David Barr, Spencer Cox, 
Jim Eigo, Larry Kramer and many others from “the old days”.
In the afternoon I taped a World AIDS Day segment that showed that evening on the PBS 
NewsHour hosted by Ray Suarez.   I thought that it was one of the best segments that I 
have done . 
December 1, 2012  - had dinner over Mark Dybul's home on Wallach Place in northwest 
DC together with Chris Grady,  Jason Claire, Kristen Silverberg (former assistant to 
President George W. Bush and an old friend of mine from that administration (see above 
(2002) and her husband, and other guests. We celebrated the appointment of Mark to be 
the executive director of the Global Fund for AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria. 
December 3, 2012 - had a town hall meeting with the Vaccine Research Center principal 
investigators and other staff to reassure them that they have nothing to worry about 
related to the departure of Gary Nabel to Boston to work at Sanofi. Gary left the VRC 
solely because his wife Betsy Nabel took the job 3 years ago as President of the Brigham 
and Women’s Hospital in Boston.   Gary has been commuting ever since to be with her 
on weekends and it is wearing him out.   Unfortunately, Gary is leaving the best job in the 
world at the VRC and he has done a spectacular job.   He is clearly damaging his 
scientific trajectory of his career by making this move.  I told them (the VRC PIs)  that I 
was extremely satisfied with the performance of the VRC and would do everything in my 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 300 ---
298
power to maintain the momentum and culture of the VRC.   I would not hire someone to 
replace Gary that would possibly damage this culture. 
 December 4, 2012 -   That evening had a senior staff dinner in which I discussed my 
desire to tighten up the work ethic of the front office.   The work load is being 
disproportionately falling on me, and particularly Greg Folkers who is killing himself 
trying to polish up the sometimes sloppy work of others, particularly David Morens, who 
is a good guy, but will have to be let go.   We met at Positano’s restaurant in Bethesda 
(Fairmont Avenue) with Cliff Lane, Hugh Auchincloss, and JJ McGowan. Good 
discussion.  
December 7, 2012 - went to dinner at the home of Connie Milstein on 3210 – R Street, 
N.W. in Georgetown.   Connie is the owner of the Jefferson Hotel in Washington DC.  
The occasion of the event was a fund raiser for the organization called Key to the Cure 
2012. This is an organization aimed at curing epilepsy.  It is run by Susan and David 
Axelrod who have a child with epilepsy. It was an extraordinary evening with all the 
glitterati of Washington DC at the meeting including a visit from VP Joe Biden. I had the 
opportunity to chat a bit with the vice president and discuss our work with HIV-AIDS.  
He clearly knew who I was since I have met him several times when he was in the Senate 
and he was present at the East Room ceremony when I received the presidential Medal of 
Freedom.  In addition there were number of other known media and political stars 
including Alex Castellanos, the Republican Strategist. The joke of the evening is that 
David Axelrod had just shaved off his mustache to raise money for the CURE.   He had 
been joking on TV Sunday Talk Shows that he would shave off his mustache is Obama 
lost the election.   Obviously, Obama won, but now David shaved it off for a cause.   
Alex Castellanos now promised to shave off his moustache to raise money for the CURE. 
December 8, 2012 - Saturday morning spent an hour on C-SPAN television (National 
Journal) in Washington DC (400 North Capitol Street) discussing seasonal flu and other 
infectious disease issues.   I was on the show with my friend Tom Frieden, Director of the 
CDC. 
December 11, 2012 - engaged in a National Academy of Sciences Symposium in 
Washington DC at the Keck Building on 5th St., NW to discuss emerging infectious 
diseases and the 20th anniversary of the 1992 IOM report on emerging infectious 
diseases. Later in the day I gave a talk at the treatment action group (TAG) event run by 
Mark Harrington at the Fairfax Embassy Row Hotel on Massachusetts Avenue in DC. 
The subject of the meeting was ending the HIV pandemic in the United States. This 
meeting was put together in order to emphasize that we have a significant problem in the 
United States even at the same time as we are making enormous progress globally with 
having the end of the AIDS pandemic globally in sight, which was the topic of the 
Internal AIDS meeting in DC in July (see above) and the recent World AIDS Day events 
at the White House and the State Department.
December 13, 2012  - travel to New York City to give the keynote lecture at the Drugs 
for Neglected Diseases Initiative (DND1) symposium run by Medicins Sans Frontiere 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 301 ---
299
(MSF, aka Doctors Without Borders) entitled  “Lives in the Balance: Delivering Medical 
Innovations for Neglected Patients and Populations” I spoke on the research issues 
related to neglected infectious diseases.  My talk was very well received it took place at 
Mount Sinai Hospital on Madison Avenue and 99th St. The evening before I had dinner 
with my daughter Jennifer at Café Vida on Amsterdam Avenue and 97th Street. 
That evening when I got home I discussed the newly formed Office of Global Health 
Diplomacy with Eric Goosby.   He wanted to give me a heads-up about the fact that 
Secretary Clinton would make an announcement the following day about the formation of 
this new office and that she would appoint Eric Goosby as the director of the new office 
while simultaneously maintaining his position as the director of PEPFAR.   In typical 
manner, Eric is such a good person and friend that he wanted to keep me in the loop. 
December 14, 2012 - attended Lessons and Carols at the National Cathedral in 
Washington DC at 7:00 to 9:00 PM. This is a tradition which our family has done for all 
the years that are children attended the National Cathedral School. It was lovely and 
nostalgic.  Megan and Ali attended with Chris and me.   Jenny was still in NYC and 
would come down for Christmas in a few days.
December 15, 2012  - had dinner with Wayne and Catherine Reynolds at the Adour 
Restaurant at the St. Regis Hotel on Connecticut Avenue in Washington DC.  As usual 
Wayne and Catherine put together a very interesting group for dinner. This time it 
included my friend Rick Atkinson the Pulitzer Prize winning author as well as Buzzy 
Krongaard and his flakey wife Cheryl.  Buzzie was formally the Executive Director of 
the CIA.   We were joking about the smash TV Showtime hit series called “Homeland” 
starring Claire Danes as Carrie Mathieson (a bipolar CIA agent tracking terrorists) and 
Damien Lewis as Sarg. Nicholas Brody (a marine turned reluctant terrorist, turned back 
to good).   Buzzie was saying that the CIA could never act domestically the way it was 
portrayed in the series.   That would have to be FBI.   Other guests included Francis 
Collins, Congressman John Dingell and his wife Debbie and others. 
December 17, 2012 - We had an “international consultation” on the problem of gain of 
function research on H5N1 highly pathogenic avian influenza (HPAI) (see above 
discussions).  The meeting took over two days from December 17 to December 18 and 
was conducted at the Natcher Auditorium at the National Institutes of Health.  This is a 
continuing issue and a source of great discussion about what experiments should or 
should not be funded by the National Institutes of Health on this topic. I gave the opening 
keynote which everyone felt very clearly defined the issues.  We will now finalize the 
draft of “Framework” for addressing the issue of what grants and contracts we should or 
should not fund that relate to a gain of function regarding respiratory transmissibility in 
mammals of the HPAI H5N1 influenza.  I am trying to get myself out of this argument 
which has consumed a considerable amount of my time over the past 14 months.
Dec. 30, 2012 – Interesting and potentially bad news regarding Sec. Hillary Clinton.   A 
couple of weeks ago she reportedly fell and had a “concussion” that kept her out of the 
public eye for ~ 3 weeks.   Report today that she was admitted to NY Presbyterian 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 302 ---
300
Hospital for a “clot” and is supposed to be receiving anticoagulation.   Her staff are being 
very close-to-the-vest about his.   Cannot figure out if she just has thrombophlebitis or if 
she had a pulmonary embolus.   Certainly could not have had a subdural hematoma since 
one would never anticoagulant under these circumstances.  Turned out she had a venous 
thrombosis of a skull vein, not involving the brain
Jan. 3, 2013 – A lot of influenza activity exploding throughout the country with H3N2 
that matches the vaccine.   Early start and big spike with widespread activity throughout 
the country.   Appeared on Fox Local News this evening.
Jan. 7, 2013 -  Interesting telephone call with Paul Stoffels today.   Paul is CEO of 
Johnson and Johnson that owns Janssen Pharmacueticals as well as Crucell.   He is 
excited about the Dan Barouch HIV candidate using Adenovirus 26/35 + MVA boost and 
wants to develop it as an HIV vaccine.  He wants to partner with me and NIAID in this 
endeavor.   This is relevant to the meeting tomorrow night in Building 31
Jan. 8, 2013 – Flu activity accelerating.   Appearing on WUSA – Channel 9 today.  Also, 
appeared this evening on Wolf Blitzer “Situation Room” regarding the flu epidemic.  
Went very well
 This evening meeting of the P5 vaccine consortium in Building 31, 7A-24. Successful 
meeting involving all of the players from Gates Foundation (Trevar Mundell, Stefano 
bertozzi, Peggy Johnston, Nina Russell), the Army (Nelson Michael, Jerome Kim), 
HVTN (Larry Corey, Peter Gilbert, etc.) See pdf for full contingent.
image.pdf
Main purpose of the meeting was to re-group and summarize where we are in the 
planning of the P5 (Pox Protein Public Private Partnership) for HIV vaccine).   
Presentation by Larry Corey, Gepi Pantaleo, Peter Gilbert, Julie McElrath, Glenda Gray 
(RSA) on the NYVAC  +/- DNA +  protein approach; and by Dan Barouch, Hanneke 
Schuitemaker (Crucell) on the Adenovirus (Ad 26/35 + protein + adjuvant) approach.  
One of the problems is that Novartis, who is supposed to supply the envelope protein for 
the Corey trial will be about 1 year late in delivering the protein.   Many of us are angry 
with them about this since they have not been forthcoming.   Also, the correlates of 
immunity from the RV144 (Thai) trial indicate that protection might be related to 
response against the V2 loop of the envelope and specifically against residue 169 in this 
region.   Problem is that the envelope used in both proposed trials will not even address 
this.   The envelope that grows well in cell cultures will be used.   Balance of empiric 
with scientific.   Gepi Pantaleo, Larry Corey and I went to dinner in Bethesda at 
Grapeseed Restaurant after the meeting (5:30 to 7:45 PM) to reflect and commiserate.   It 
will be largely my responsibility to decide go-no go from Phase 1 (starts in mid-end of 
2014) to Phase IIa/b (2015 - 2016), the latter costing over $100 million and so this will be 
an important decision based on a combination of science and best guess.   Stay tuned.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 303 ---
301
Jan. 9, 2013 – Appeared on C-SPAN (TV) and on WTOP radio early this AM to talk 
about the erupting influenza epidemic.
Jan. 9, 2013 -  Attended an important dinner at the home of John Monahan and his wife 
Annie at 3340 -  Runneymede Place, N.W., Washington, D.C.  to discuss the relationship 
between PEPFAR and USAID with regard to the new Office of Global Health 
Diplomacy.  John formerly worked in the Clinton Administration and for the past 4 years 
has been Counselor to Secretary Sebelius in HHS and Acting Director of the Office of 
Global Health Affairs at HHS.  He recently moved to the State Department to help with 
the Global Health issues there.   Hillary Clinton had just established this Office of Global 
Health Diplomacy and made Eric Goosby (Director of PEPFAR)  the Director of the 
Office  with Ambassador Louise Rowe as Deputy.  Apparently Raj Shah and the USAID 
are trying to take control over this new initiative that has just been put out by the Obama 
administration. Raj has been trying to take over PEPFAR for some time now without 
success. I have been backing Eric Goosby from the very beginning since I believe that 
Raj is driven by ambition on the background of a terrible track record of USAID. In the 
second Obama administration the people in the State Department and in the White House 
are trying to create a legacy for Pres. Obama with regard to global health. They believe 
that this new office of Global Health Diplomacy could be the vehicle to do that. Right 
now it appears that we are engaged in the struggle Raj Shah and USAID wanting to take 
over the process. The dinner included a number of people with knowledge in the field. 
Participants included John Montague his wife Annie, Francis Collins, Tom Frieden, 
Peggy Hamburg, a woman from the State Department (Laurie) who worked in the 
Clinton Administration, Nils Daulaire, and a number of other people. The plan discussed 
at the meeting was to help support Eric Goosby is trying to make the office of global 
health diplomacy a productive and viable enterprise and to ward off any attempts on the 
part of USAID to take it PEPFAR and the new office. Tomorrow I will go to the State 
Department for the first of the number of meetings that will address this issue.   More to 
follow on this subject.
Jan. 10, 2013 – Did CNN Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer regarding the Flu outbreak.   
I made casual statement in response to a question by Wolf that the outbreak had passed 
the epidemic threshold (which was true (7.3% with threshold at 7.2%).   Anderson 
Cooper later on in his CNN show “Anderson Cooper 360” made announcement that NIH 
Official Dr. Anthony Fauci has now declared the influenza outbreak “an epidemic”.   The 
CDC was coming out with their weekly report with a big press briefing the following day 
(tomorrow) and this must have gotten them pissed with their usual jealousy of my being 
on TV and the media in issues that they think they own.
Jan. 11, 2103 – Did morning CNN and Soledad O’Brien on CNN and further discussed 
the flu situation.   Much, much press interest.   As expected, Bill Hall (HHS Press office) 
wrote a note to Courtney Billet, Greg Folkers and John Burklow saying that from now on 
the CDC should handle press on the flu and I should only do local media and national 
media only when they want to talk about research associated with flu like universal flu 
vaccine.   This has shades of Jenny Backus.  Almost certainly a result of a complaint 
from CDC.   We (NIH/NIAID) are trying not to clash with them, but this is really 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 304 ---
302
insulting and we will have to see how this plays out and how we should push back on 
this.
Jan. 12, 2013 – Did WJLA – Channel 8 news on flu on this Saturday AM.   Also, 
received request that Soledad O’Brien wants me again on her show on Monday AM.   
This will be the test regarding my above comment concerning Bill Hall.
Jan. 14, 2013 – HHS turned me down on requests from CNN Wolf Blitzer and Soledad 
O’Brien.   I asked John Burklow to call up Bill Hall and find out what the heck is going 
on and what the reason for all of this is.   John told me that CDC complained to Bill Hall 
and HHS that I was getting all of the publicity on an issue (influenza “tracking”) that they 
considered was their issue.   I do not know who at CDC did this.   It could be anyone 
from Tom Frieden (I doubt this) to more likely Tom Skinner (CDC PR person).   In any 
event, it has nothing to do with my use of the word “epidemic” on Wolf Blitzer Show and 
everything to do with pure jealousy that I am a “rock star’ stealing their thunder.  Shame 
on the CDC.    Bill Hall promised John Burklow that as the epidemic stabilizes, I will be 
allowed to do the big shows and that starting now, I can do anything that has to do with 
the science and vaccine development.  In this regard, see below – tomorrow
Jan. 15, 2013 – Appeared on the “Situation Room” (CNN) in a piece that featured the 
quest for a universal flu vaccine.   I did the interview from the NIAID Vaccine Research 
Center.   John Mascola also appeared as we showed the CNN crew around the VRC.   
Very nice piece.  Tomorrow I do a 1 hour call in show on WTOP.
Jan. 16, 2013 – Did a very successful 1 hour show with call-in on WTOP at 10:00 to 
11:00 AM.   Rainy day in Washington, D.C.   Also, local NBC News and WUSA 
Channel 29 filmed me during the radio show and I gave on camera interview to them 
after the show.
Jan. 17-23, 2013 -  As expected, due to the beginning of drop-off of influenza cases, 
even though we are in the middle of the influenza season, the press interest has almost 
completely dropped off the radar screen.   Almost no stories this week on the 2012-2013 
influenza outbreak.
Jan. 23, 2013 – The “60 day moratorium” on gain-of-function research on respiratory 
transmission of HPAI H5N1 influenza in mammals has been lifted by the scientists who 
originally signed to moratorium.   The moratorium actually lasted just over one full year.   
We at HHS and NIH have been developing a framework for making funding decisions 
for this type of research (see above – Dec. 17, 2013).   The framework should be ready 
for implementation in a few weeks and so we can start making funding decisions.   Much 
press coverage today (I was in NY Times, Wall Street Journal, AP, etc.).  The nay-sayers 
who feel this research should not be done at all (David Relman, John Roberts (Nobel 
Prize winning ass-hole) or should not be published (Mike Osterholm) are still out there 
bad-mouthing the decision to lift the moratorium.
Jan. 25, 2013 – Appeared on CNN “The Situation Room” with Wolf Blitzer to discuss 
the ongoing breakout of norovirus in the USA.   Good interview.   There are about 20 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 305 ---
303
million cases of norovirus in the USA each year with 70,000 hospitalizations and ~800 
deaths.
Feb. 3, 2012 – Super Bowl night. Ravens beat 49ers 34-31.  Nonetheless spent the 
evening at a dinner and panel discussion at the Fairmont Hotel (24th and M Street, N.W.), 
Colonnade Room. Occasion was a pre-Summit dinner for the Global Women’s Cancer 
Summit to take place the following week.   Panel discussion between David Rubenstein 
(Carlyle group) and Wolf Blitzer (CNN) with Mark Dybul contributing.   Sat a dinner 
table with David Rubenstein (who is still trying to get me to work for him at Carlyle 
because he thinks that I am “…the smartest person in the world”), Laura Bush, Wolf 
Blitzer, Agnes Binagwaho (Minister of Health of Rwanda), Nancy Brinker, Mark Dybul, 
Julie Gerberding.   Great discussion about transforming events in global health.   Chatted 
with Laura about President George W. who recently had back surgery as well as about 
President George H.W. who is slowly recovering from bronchitis hospitalization.
Feb. 14, 2013 – Valentine’s Day.   Very interesting and enjoyable evening.  Chris and I 
were invited by Wayne and Catherine Reynolds to a dinner in the Adams Room of the 
Hay Adams Hotel to honor Ehud Barak, Defense Minister and former Prime Minister of 
Israel.   He is in the USA for a meeting with Leon Panetta (Secretary of Defense).  Great 
time.   Usual A crowd of DC, which this time included David Petraeus and his wife 
Holly.   Had the chance to speak with Petraeus and mentioned that I often said Hi to him 
as we passed running on the C & O Canal.   He said he recognized me, which was 
probably just being polite.   I thanked him for his years of service to the country.   He was 
very gracious.  Obviously, some degree of awkwardness in the crowd given the Paula 
Broadwell scandal and his wife being there on “Valentine’s Day”.   Also present among 
many other were Bob Barnett and wife, Ed Markey (soon to run for Senator from 
Massachusetts) and wife Susan Blumenthal, Rick Atkinson (Pulitzer Prize winner 
author), Lyric Winik and husband Jay, Ben Carson and wife Candy, Josh Bolten and his 
new girlfriend (?name), Bill Cohen (former Sec. of Defense) and wife Janet, etc.
     Barak gave a very insightful speech on the challenges facing Israel in the context of 
the Arab Spring, Syria, and Iran.
Feb. 25, 2013 – Still no solution to the impending sequestration deadline of March 1, 
which will result in across-the-board cuts to Pentagon and discretionary spending 
(including NIH).   The POTUS is doing some severe posturing that this is all the fault of 
the Republicans and is having all of the Cabinet members out there saying how disastrous 
the cuts will be.   Meanwhile, Bob Woodward points out in an editorial in the 
Washington Post on Feb. 24 that the POTUS “moved the goal posts” on the GOP by 
wanting to bring up tax increases even though the original discussions surrounding the 
budget deal of a few months ago is that the Bush tax cuts were allowed to expire and so 
taxes are “off the table”.   Woodward says the POTUS now wants to put them back in 
play.   Looks like sequestration will occur.
Sad day in that former Surgeon General C. Everett (Chick) Koop dies at age 96.   I had 
the pleasure of giving the laudatios at his 80th and 90th birthdays.  My quotes appeared in 
many newspapers regarding his amazing life and also on local FOX TV.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 306 ---
304
Mar. 1, 2013 – Sequester kicked in and so spending cuts are in effect.   Incredible 
posturing on part of GOP as well as the POTUS who is stating that the “world will come 
to an end” and the GOP is to blame since they refuse to raise taxes.   This is pitiful 
government.   
     Also, interesting finding being presented at CROI meeting in Atlanta in a couple of 
days of an infant who was treated (not prophylaxed) with ARVS within 30 hours of birth 
since his mother who was infected had no anti-natal care and obviously no ARVs.   She 
presented in an ER in Mississippi at labor.   The physicians felt that since the risk was so 
high for the baby that they treated the infant before the tests for HIV came back.   They 
usually take several days to come back.   Right choice.   The baby was infected and 
stayed on ARVs for 18 months.   Then lost to follow up and mother D/C’d the ARVs for 
10 months and reappeared.   Only now the baby is well and no evidence of replicating 
virus (some probably dead residual DNA by PCR.   Also, immune response to HIV 
disappeared (not surprising in the absence of persistent virus).   This may be the first real 
case of a cure, not the “Berlin Patient” whom I always thought was totally non-feasible 
for scale up and danger.   Of note, I have been saying for years that the best bet for a cure 
was to treat as early as possible to prevent establishment of a large reservoir and to 
prevent destruction of immune system by persistent viral replication over months to 
years.   The best scenario for this is to treat a child at birth.  Perhaps there are other 
children on therapy who received ARVs relatively early (not necessarily within hours) 
who are in fact cured and do not know it.   Much study to be done.
Mar. 4, 2013 – The media interest in the “cured” baby has been as intense or more than 
anything I have experienced here at NIH.   Yesterday I did WUSA 9 nightly news and 
today I did: CBS Morning News with Charlie Rose and Nora O’Donnell; WTOP Radio; 
Fax Morning News; CBS Radio LA; Fox Radio News; NBC News and NBC Nightly 
News; ABC Evening News; BBC World Service Radio; Canadian Broadcast (CBC) TV; 
CNN International with Christianne Amanpour; CNN Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer; 
WLS radio; PBS NewsHour with Ray Suarez; BBC Radio; Canada CNN Radio; CNN 
Anderson Cooper 360; Al Jazeera.   Quite a day.   I stressed that we must be careful since 
this is only a single case in very unusual circumstances.   All media went very well.
Mar. 5, 2013 – Media frenzy continues.   I have now gone over the data from the Hannah 
Gay and Persaud presentation at CROI and I have some doubts that the child was ever 
truly infected in the first place.   Tough to really tell whether the virus that was detected 
and ultimately disappeared on ARVs was the virus from the mother or really infected 
baby cells making virus.   The authors claim that the 2 phase decay of virus on ARVs is 
characteristic of the response to active virus replication.   Cliff Lane pointed out that the 
decay curve has very few points and is also compatible with a single phase decay.   In 
any event, I have been taking the conservative approach of emphasizing that this is just a 
single case and it needs to be replicated and validated and importantly, it has little to do 
with infection in the adult where reservoirs are firmly established prior to the start of 
ARVs.
       Nonetheless, the media frenzy continues with interview for Men’s health, Huffington 
Post, NPR- San Francisco (KQED), Boston Globe.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 307 ---
305
Mar. 6, 2013 – When it rains, it pours.  CDC came out with a “Vital Signs” alert out of 
MMWR about the growing threat of Carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriacea (CRE), 
which includes Klebsiella pneumonia carbapenem-resistant (KPC) that gave the NIH 
Clinical Center the outbreak of 18 cases (11 deaths, 7 of which were due to the KPC) in 
2011.  Another media frenzy starts with me on NBC Nightly News X2.
Mar. 7, 2013 – CRE media with Diane Rehm Show,   Briefed Laura Friedel of Senate 
Minority Staff at Appropriations (Staffer to Ron Moran)
Mar. 8, 2013 – Guest on Geraldo Rivera Show for “cure” baby; CNN tape for tomorrow 
on CRE; the Washington Post “The Fold” (online TV) on HIV.
Mar. 11, 2013 – Flew to Boston for the day to give Keynote Lecture at the dedication of 
the new building for the Ragon Institute of MGH, Harvard, and MIT.  Held at 400 
Technology Square in Cambridge, MA.  Orchestrated by Bruce Walker who is amazing 
at raising money for his biomedical research.   Terry and Susan Ragon (software 
billionaires) gave Bruce $10 million per year for 10 years and now an additional $30 
million to renovate the building for the Ragon Institute.   I spent a few hours interacting 
with the Ragon scientists, gave my Keynote and then had dinner at the “Catalyst” 
restaurant in Cambridge.   Many Boston scientific and other luminaries at lecture and 
dinner including Bob Kraft, owner of the New England Patriots, and his family (wife and 
son Jonathan).   Also at lecture and at dinner and with whom I had great conversations 
were Drew Faust (President of Harvard), Raphael Reif (President of MIT), Ray Slavin 
(President of MGH) among others. We discussed the potential effects of the 
“sequestration”  Very nice visit.
Mar. 13, 2013 – Did nice interview at Biocentury (WUSA – Channel 29) on the 
Sequestration.   
    That evening went to Research America Gala at Mellon Auditorium on 13th Street and 
Constitution Avenue, N.W.   I sat at the Duke University Table with Congressman 
George Holding, Victor Tzau, and others.   My friend Diane Rehm (NPR Diane Rehm 
Show) received one of the awards.
Mar. 15, 2013 – Have received indications from Judith Shamir (Exec Sec of IOM) the 
Alan Leschner, Chair of IOM President Search Committee is very interested in my 
submitting my application for the job.  I told her that I was not interested, but I would let 
her know.   I called current President, Harvey Fineberg, and asked his opinion.   He said 
that I would be fantastic for the job.   I explained that I was not that interested.  The only 
reason (weak) to take the job is that I could start writing my book in that job, which I 
cannot really do now since I would have so much more time in that much-less-demanding 
job compared to NIAID Director.   
Mar. 18, 2013 – Met with Congressman Andy Harris (R-MD) in Building 1 together 
with Francis Collins, Griff Rogers, Gary Gibbons.   Harris is a Tea Party person who is 
second rank on House Appropriations Subcommittee behind Chairman Kingston.   Funny 
interchange since Harris brightened up when I introduced myself, saying that he was 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 308 ---
306
looking forward to meeting me since he went to Regis High School and was from 
Brooklyn.   That really broke the ice.   He is a physician (anesthesiologist) who favors 
NIH, but said that we would not get increases until Obama addresses the deficit by 
targeting 
Mar. 20, 2013 – Blast from the past.   Activist Mark Milano e-mailed me asking for help.   
He is HIV-infected and well-controlled.   Unfortunately, he has metastatic anal cancer 
and had run out of options after multiple surgeries and chemotherapy regimens.   He 
wants to try experimental protocols, but no one will take him.   I am helping him get 
connections and he is very grateful.   I do not forget old friends, even though we often 
butted heads.
Mar. 22, 2013 – Attended unveiling of portrait of former Congressman Louis Stokes in 
Building 50.   Lou was very warm and very happy to see me there.   In his speech, he 
reminisced about the great things that I have done and how he learned so much from me 
over the years.
Mar. 23, 2013 – Gave my annual GWIDS lecture at Suburban Hospital.   Have doing this 
for over 20 years.   Also, this evening went to the Children’s Inn Black Tie Gala and 
auction.  Chris and I bided for and got (for $900.00) a beautiful tile enclosed mirror made 
by the children of the Inn.
Mar. 26, 2013 – Had what is becoming a “tradition” → dinner over my house with 
Harold Varmus and Eric Goosby.  We used to include Gary Nabel, but he is gone to 
Boston with Sanofi.   The tradition is that I cook pasta and either sausage or shrimp with 
great wines for the people (Harold, Eric, Gary) who are living in different cities from 
their wives.   We spoke mostly about Eric’s imminent stepping down from PEPFAR 
since he really wants to get back to San Francisco where his wife Nancy and his children 
are.   He has done a magnificent job at PEPFAR and he should now do what makes him 
happy.   Eric has become a dear friend.
Apr. 3, 2013 – Went to NYC to deliver the Weill Cornell Medical College Global Health 
Lecture on “HIV/AIDS:   A Look to the Future”.   Met with medical students after the 
talk and rushed back to DC on last USAirways flight (9:00 PM) to leave for SF the next 
morning at 6:45 AM.
April 4, 2013 – flew to San Francisco to receive the UCSF Gold Medal along with 
Melinda Gates, Brian Druker (developed Gleevec), and Mary Ann Koda-Kimble (former 
Dean of UCSF School of Pharmacy).   Gala affair at Pier 48 across the street from the 
new SF Giants Baseball stadium.  I gave a 3 minute acceptance speech blasting the 
“sequestration” that many people said was eloquent and “courageous”.   I had flown to 
SF in the AM and took a taxi to Stanford to have lunch with Ali and buy her a birthday 
present at Lulu Lemon.   Took CalTrain back to SF for the Gala.  Ali is amazing – 
straight A+ average.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 309 ---
307
Apr. 6, 2013 – Took train to Philadelphia to attend the memorial Service for Chick Koop 
at the Tenth Presbyterian Church on 17th Street and Spruce Street.   Chick was a dear 
friend and an historic figure.
April 8 – 14, 2013 – Continual increase in cases of H7N9 flu from China.   Virtually all 
chicken to human with about 20-30% fatality rate.  HHS still not allowing me to do press 
on this for the usual reason that they say CDC has the lead.   It is becoming clear that 
CDC is driving this obstruction.  I am very sorry to hear that since this is really petty.   
An example is that on the evening of Sunday, April 14, WTOP contacted to me to be on 
their show at 7:05 AM on Monday, April 15.  HHS said it should go to CDC even though 
WTOP is a local DC station!!!   HHS gave it to Tom Frieden (Director of CDC) and just 
by chance, Tom called me at home on Sunday night at ~9:00 PM to talk about vaccines 
for H7N9 without even mentioning that he had been asked by HHS to do WTOP the next 
day.
April 10, 2013 – Spoke at the Hart Building in the evening together with Astronomer 
Nancy Roman (87 years old). I spoke to people and students involved in a pro-education 
program in DC.  Introduced by Edwin Grosvenor (President of the American heritage 
Society and former CEO of National Geographic Society.   He loved my talk on “30 
Years of HIV – A personal Journey” so much that he said I definitely should write a book 
and offered his wife Elizabeth as my agent/publisher.   She did Morton Kondrake’s book 
about his wife Millie.
April 11, 2013 – James C. Hill Lecture given by Wafaa El-Sadr.   Had lunch at Positano 
before the lecture.   In the evening wend to the Lasker Board dinner at the Howard 
Hughes Institute Headquarters on Jones Bridge Road.   I was asked with Harold Varmus 
to discuss the effects of the sequester on NIH.  
April 12, 2013 – Sad day.   Steve Katz found out on routine CT scan in follow-up of 
prostate cancer that he has pancreatic cancer.   Scheduled to get Whipple Procedure at 
Hopkins on April 15. 
April 14, 2013 – Went with Chris to a book party at 3319 Newark Street, N.W. at home 
of Steve Pearlstein.   Also hosted by Neera Tanden and Wendy Gray.  It was for Zeke’s 
new book “The Brothers Emanuel”   about his and Ari and Rahm’s growing up in 
Chicago.   At the party met many of the usual DC crowd – Nino Scalia, John Podesta, 
Walter Isaacson, Al Hunt, Gene Sperling, etc.
April 15, 2013 – A day of infamy!   Two bombs go off  near finish line at the Boston 
Marathon.  3 killed and 176 wounded.  Many legs were blown off.  Horrible pictures 
taken by iPhones.   Clearly an act of terror.  Not known who or why yet.   Stay tuned.
April 16, 2013 – Met with Francis in my weekly 1-on-1 and mentioned that the situation 
with HHS and their muzzling me from the press is unacceptable and he offered to talk 
with HHS people.   He agrees with me.   Harold Varmus tells me that he does not even 
ask permission to do press.   He just does it and then informs HHS.  He says: “If they do 
not like it, they can fire me”.  I believe that if Francis’s efforts fail, I will start doing that.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 310 ---
308
Latest count of H7N9 in China today is 78 cases and 16 deaths.
April 17, 2013 – Went to Princeton to deliver the Gilbert Omenn Lecture at the 
Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs.  Spoke on “Ending the 
HIV/AIDS Pandemic:  From Scientific Advances to Public Health Implementation”.  
Hosted by Cecilia (Ceci) Rouse formerly on the economic team in the Clinton and 
Obama White House.
April 19, 2013 -  Terrorists identified by surveillance cameras.   Tamerlan and Dzhokhar 
Tsarnaev.   Two Muslim brothers born in Chechnya.   Older one recently spent about 6 
months in Chechnya, likely getting trained in terrorism.   Most intensive manhunt in US 
history around Boston Area.   Entire city of Boston shut-down.   Wild car chases and gun 
battles. Terrorist murder campus policeman at MIT and seriously wound another 
policeman.  Tamerlan shot dead; Dzhokhar escapes, seriously wounded, ultimately 
captured in Watertown MA.
April 21, 2013 – Informed by Francis Collins that he spoke with Bill Corr (Deputy HHS 
Secretary) about the issue of my being muzzled, almost certainly because Tom Frieden 
and the CDC want the spotlight on the H7N9 story.   Corr agrees with Francis that I 
should always be allowed to speak to Press (Print/TV/Radio) when they directly ask for 
me.   Let us see how this turns out.  Also, it is clear now that I have joined the 2x/week 
conference calls with HHS that CDC really wants to be in control even though I believe 
they are missing important stuff.   For example, they are claiming that they cannot detect 
the virus in chickens, likely because the PCR assay is specific, but not sensitive.   I just 
found out from the CEIRS people (including Mike Osterholm) that the Chinese are 
looking in the wrong place.  The cloacal swabs are negative, but there are tons of virus in 
the trachea swabs.   Case now well over 100 and counting.   The Chinese need to start 
massive culling of chicken or the virus might adapt itself to humans after many dead-end 
jumps.
April 22, 2013 – Cases of H7N9 continue to accumulate.   First case in Taiwan. HHS is 
now clearing me for press (see above); however, there have not been any requests from 
major network and so still not clear what will happen.   I have decided without question 
to defy them if they try to muzzle me, which I do not believe they will now that Francis 
has spoken with Bill Corr; but we shall see.
Had dinner with Bob Gallo tonight and discussed the upcoming Paris meeting sponsored 
by the Pasteur institute (Francois Barre-Sinoussi) to celebrate 30th Anniversary of 
discovery of HIV by the French.   Bob is scheduled to give an after dinner speech.   I 
stressed that he should behave and not re-hash old issues.   Also, Bob told me that he and 
Joe O’Neill are writing a book about the history of AIDS and they want to devote a 
chapter to me.   This is nice, but now it is clear that I must write my book and do it soon.   
Will get advice from David Willman (L.A. Times) and Rick Atkinson (author of World 
War II books) – both Pulitzer Prize winners on how to proceed.   Also, will contact Ari 
Emanuel’s Book person.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 311 ---
309
April 25, 2013 – Went to reception at the home of Sen. Jay and Sharon Rockefeller to 
celebrate 10 years of service and retirement of Amy Lawson as CEO of DC Prep (where 
Jenny taught).   Amazing home – 2121 Park Road, N.W.   Had chance to chat with the 
Senator about NIH.
April 26, 2013 – Had important discussion with Eric Goosy by phone about whether we 
(NIH and PEPFAR) should fund the Africa START study proposed by Wafaa El Sadr 
and Kevin DeCock.   Eric is skeptical about doing this since he feels that very soon many 
in Africa will be starting therapy at below 500 CD4+ T cells and the study may not be 
able to be done.
April 27, 2013 – Went with Chris to White House Correspondence Garden Brunch at 
Beall-Washington House on 2920 R Street, N.W.    Tammy Haddad as usual MC’d it.  
Sponsored by CURE Epilepsy and the Miss America Foundation.   Great party.   
Fantastic weather – bright sun and 70 degrees.   Usual cast of celebrities – political, 
media and Hollywood.   Ran into old friends David Axelrod, Sharon Stone, Nora 
O’Donnell, Charlie Rose, Gordon Peterson.  Discussed NIH budget with Eric Cantor.  
Had most fun meeting and taking picture with Navid Negahban who played the arch-
terrorist Abu Nazir on “Homeland” (Showtime).  We told him how much we admired his 
work.   He sort of recognized me but not quite.   After a few minutes, he came over to me 
and said how impressed he was about how many lives I have saved and as he was saying 
it, he choked up.   He clearly had asked someone who I was.   Seems like a fine human 
being.
April 29, 2013 – Went to dinner at Matisse Restaurant on Wisconsin Avenue and 
Fessenden Avenue, N.W.   I took out Richard (Rick) Atkinson to dinner to get his advice 
on writing my book (autobiography).   He was extremely helpful on how to approach this 
and gave me several names of agents, editors, historians, etc.  he encouraged me to “shop 
around” for the best people.   He confirmed what Edwin Grosvner and Ari Emanuel said 
that I clearly have a NY Times bestseller and possibly Pulitzer Prize autobiography in me 
and encouraged me strongly to pursue this.   
I am very excited (almost agitated) about doing this.   I have a worrisome feeling that the 
USG will not allow me to do this.  Even though it is MY autobiography, most of it relates 
to my government service.   I will probe this and see what happens.
Parenthetically, the Washington Nationals, who are supposed to win the World Series this 
year on the basis of pure talent have gotten off to a bad start.   The only people that are 
doing great thus far are Bruce Harper and Jordan Zimmerman.
***H7N9 continues to occur in China from chickens to human → 126 cases and 24 
deaths.   Still confined to China.   Need to keep an eye on this.   
May 1, 2013 – Attended the “Heroes of Military Medicine Awards at the Mellon 
Auditorium on 13th Street and Constitution Avenue N.W.   I was present because Lt. Col. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 312 ---
310
Nelson Michael (my old friend) was receiving one of the awards and I had been part of 
the video that was shown at the event that honored him.  Nice affair.  Inspiring keynote 
address by Admiral William H. McRaven, Commander of United States Special 
Operations Command (the group – Seal Team 6 that got Osama bin Laden).  Other 
awardees besides Nelson were USAF Lt. Col. Raymond Fang – Trauma surgeon with 
multiple tours in Iraq and Afghanistan.   He spoke by video since he is currently deployed 
in Afghanistan.   Also Hospital Corpsman 1st Class Darrel L. Enos – 3rd Marine Special 
Operations Battalion who received it posthumously – killed in action.   Entire evening 
very moving.   Special awards to Marine Staff Sergeant Johnny Joseph (Joey) Jones who 
got his legs blown off while trying to dismantle and IED in Helmand Province, 
Afghanistan.   I was in tears after his speech.  Also talks by Gen. Jack Keane (USA- 
retired), Gen. James Amos (USMC).  Special Award to Gen Joseph F. Dunford (USMC), 
Commander of Forces in Afghanistan who spoke in video from Afghanistan.  General 
Amos introduced him.   Gen. James Peake, Former US Army Surgeon General and 
currently Sec. of Department of Veteran Affairs received a special award.   He fought as 
a combat platoon leader in Viet Nam and was highly decorated with Silver Star, Bronze 
Star with V device and Purple Heart.   After war, went to Cornell Medical School, 
became a cardiac surgeon – quite a guy.   I have known him for years.   Mistress of 
Ceremonies was Jennifer Griffin of FOX News Channel.   When she called out 
“notables” in the audience, she mentioned my name.   I was embarrassed to be called out 
together with General McRaven, Amos, Peake and others.   The evening made me proud 
to be an American.
May 6, 2013 – H7N9 still smoldering, but with the closing of some of the open bird 
markets in China, the pace of new cases has slowed.   130 cases and 31 deaths total.   
HHS is now allowing me to do press on this without hassle.   Francis Collins meeting 
with Bill Corr has apparently worked (see above).
Went to cocktail reception/book signing for Paul Farmer’s new book – “To Repair the 
World” at home of Greg and Derry Craig on 3155 Highland Place, N.W.; also co-
sponsored by Tim Broas.   Paul, as usual, was very generous in his remarks about my 
accomplishments in being the architect of PEPFAR and the influence that I had on his 
career.   Several notables there including Kathleen Matthews and Paul Wolfowitz.   Had 
good conversation with Paul about how we worked together when he was Deputy 
Secretary of Defense.  Paul gave 2 signed books to me – one for Chris and me and one 
for Jenny.  Also, I spoke with Paul about getting one of his acolytes to come work for me 
as my assistant at NIAID.  (Turns out I contacted one Hillary Marston who will be 
joining me in August – see below))
May 7, 2013 – Went to the Capitol with Francis Collins to meet with the House Majority 
Whip – Congressman Kevin McCarthy (R-CA).   Kevin is very interested in the problem 
of Valley Fever (Coccicioidomycosis) in his district of Bakersfield.   We discussed 
having a workshop and partnering with CDC in doing clinical trials of new drugs such as 
Nippo Z and developing a vaccine.   Good idea to cultivate relationship with McCarthy, 
given his position.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 313 ---
311
May 8, 2013 – Appeared on NPR Morning Edition radio with Richard Knox regarding 
H7N9 flu.   Also, gave Opening Keynote Address at the Annual Meeting of the 
HPTN/IMPAACT Networks held at Marriott Wardman Hotel on Calvert Street, N.W.   
Myron (Mike) Cohen presented me with a basketball signed to me from Roy Williams, 
head coach at UNC.  Mike gave it to me to “neutralize” the signed basketball that I 
received years ago from Duke Head Coach Mike K.
May 9, 2013 – Had Congressional visit here at NIH in the Clinical Center medical Board 
Room on 4th Floor of Building10.   Delegation led by Eric Cantor (R-VA).   Also present 
were Congressmen Andy Harris (R-MD), Elliot Engel (D-NY), Ted Yoho (R-FL), Chaka 
Fattah (D-PA), Renee Ellmers (R-NC). Tim Murphy (R-PA), Earl Blumenauer (D-OR).   
NIH was represented by me, Francis Collins, Gary Gibbons, Eric Green, Chris Austin, 
Larry Tabak, Kathy Hudson, John Gallin.   We were trying (successfully) to familiarize 
them with the NIH and what we do.   Also, to impress on them the damage due to 
sequestration.   I spoke about the major advances in treatment of HIV and the possibility 
of a universal Influenza vaccine.   All in all it was a very good meeting.
Went to Book party at the home of Bob and Deborah Seder in honor of Andrea Redmond 
who co-authored book called “Rwanda, Inc.” about entrepreneurship in Rwanda and the 
effect on the economy.   Had long conversation with my good friend Cheryl Mills, 
Former Chief-of-Staff to Sec. Hillary Clinton and long-time Counselor to Clinton about 
the “scandal” associated with the Benghazi incident where the Republicans are trying to 
attack the Administration and especially Hillary Clinton for negligence/incompetence in 
not protecting and responding in time to the Sept. 11, 2012 terrorist attack on the US 
Embassy in Benghazi, Libya in which the US Ambassador was killed.   Cheryl says that 
the whistle-blower Greg Hicks is clearly not telling the story as it happened with regard 
to the State Department responding or not to the threats against the embassy.   I obviously 
believe Cheryl.
May 13, 2013 – Slow down of activity on H7N9; uptick of activity with MERS Corona 
virus (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome).  I appeared today on WTOP and BBC 
television discussing MERS CoV.
May 15, 2013 – Testified at the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing for NIH 
today.   Testified with Francis Collins, Harold Varmus, Story Landis, Richard Hodes and 
Gary Gibbons.   Friendly Hearing.   Asked me questions about DURC, Antibiotic 
resistant bacteria, H7N9 influenza pre-pandemic, universal flu vaccines and 
autoimmunity.   As mentioned many times above, the Hearings are very different from 
10-20 years ago.   We had 2 hours for the entire NIH, when back then we had a week of 
Hearing with individual half-days for the big institutes.
May 17, 2013 – Interesting dinner with my friends Catherine and Wayne Reynolds at 
Adour Restaurant at the St. Regis Hotel on 16th and K Streets, N.W.   Other guests were 
John Rogers who was Assistant to the President during the Reagan Administration.   He 
remembered me from back then.   He went off to be Deputy to Jim Baker when Baker 
became Secretary of State for Reagan.   His wife Deborah was charming and a nice 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 314 ---
312
evening was had by all.  John sharply criticized Obama’s energy policy saying that his 
slowing down Shale drilling and the Alaska pipeline is preventing us from becoming 
completely energy independent.
May 18, 2013 – At work on Saturday.   Chris flew to Sacramento to see Ali compete in 
the PAC-12 crew meet.   I am home with Megan who is studying for the MCAT exam 
next week with her friend Iman.   Meg just finished her post-baccalaureate pre-med year 
at Hopkins.  Will take MCAT on May 23.
May 21-23, 2013 – Went to Paris to give Opening keynote lecture at the Institut Pasteur 
that is celebrating the 30th Anniversary of the Science paper by Francoise Barre-Sinoussi 
and Luc Montagnier identifying HIV (LAV) in May, 2003.   I spoke about the future 
challenges in HIV/AIDS research.  Francoise and the French were extremely gracious to 
me.   After the difficulties with Gallo and “the Americans” historically, they have settled 
now with showering on me great respect and honor as someone who has been in the field 
from Day One and who has made extraordinary contributions, but importantly has 
conducted himself with leadership and integrity.   Francoise introduced me before my 
lecture as “The only person who possibly could deliver this Keynote Address at this 
historic time.  She was extremely gracious.   Although I do not like to travel, the trip was 
actually fun.  Went to dinner one night with Bob, Deborah and Mia Seder at Le Bon Ami 
– great restaurant.   Next night had group gala dinner at Le Theatre du Merveilleux - Les 
Pavillons de Bercy.   It was magical in that Francoise, Marie-Lise Gourgeon and a couple 
of other dignitaries gave me and Bob Gallo a private tour of what turned out to be a 
“Fellini-like” museum of the history of 18th- 19th Century Paris with many Carousels, 
statues, costumes gadgets, etc.   It was the place where the wine was stored as well as 
fruits and food for sale to the shops in Paris.   Also saw the original head-dress of 
Josephine Baker when she was in her hey-day in Paris.
May 23, 2013 – Flew back and went immediately to the black-tie Gala Dinner for FELA 
of the Sons of Italy.   Gave awards to a scholarship student as well to Robert Corrao – 
sports media figure.   Good time at dinner with discussions with many celebrities that are 
either old friend or new ones that I just met. – Colin Powell (got an award), Generals 
James Jones, Ray Odierno. Sen. Jack Reed, Doug Flutie, Joe Montegna (MC of the 
event), etc.   Good evening, even though I was exhausted from Trans-Atlantic flight.   
Heavy thunderstorms that night.
May 29, 2013 – Just got NEJM commentary accepted without review and in about 3 
hours from submission on H7N9 and the likelihood of direct mutation to pandemicity.   
Was on CNN Wolf Blitzer “Situation Room” to discuss MERS-C0V.   Now 59 cases and 
30 deaths.   Will go to Indianapolis tonight to watch Ali row in the NCAA Women’s 
Crew Tournament.
May 30, 2013 – Chris’s Dad, John Henry Grady II died tonight after a long illness.   
Chris was called to the Gainesville, VA home at night by Barbara (her sister) who was 
visiting from California.   By the time Chris got there, John was dead.  Have to cancel 
trip to Indianapolis to see Ali.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 315 ---
313
June 1, 2013 – Ali’s II Eight boat came in 2nd in the Petit Final and 8th overall in the 
tournament – Great job, Ali!  Ali ultimately makes 1st Team All-Pac-12 Academic All-
American (for second year in a row).  She has the highest grade point average (4.05) of 
any Pac-12 athlete.
June 3, 2013 – Press interest continues regarding MERS-CoV.   Was on daytime CNN 
today plus lately other TV media “feeds” such as AP, VOA, Reuters.
David Morens, Jeff Taubenberger and I just got Commentary accepted in NEJM on 
H7N9 – to come out Online on June 5.
June 4, 2013 – Had dinner at Matisse with Bob Bazell, 38 year TV medical reporter for 
NBC.   He is leaving NBC to join Yale Faculty.   He is a trained microbiologist before 
working for NBC.   He must have interviewed me hundreds of times over the 30 + years 
of HIV/AIDS.   We have become friends and he wanted to have a catch-up dinner and tell 
me of his plans.
June 6, 2013 – See e-mail below from Carla Heeke to me and my forward note to Chris, 
my children and Denise.   It describes my role as physician at NIH in the pre-AIDS days.   
Important historical perspective.
-----Original Message-----
From: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
Sent: Thursday, June 06, 2013 6:19 PM
To: Grady, Christine (NIH/CC/BEP) [E]; Jenny Fauci 
(jennyfauci@gmail.com); Alison Fauci (ali.fauci@gmail.com); Megan Fauci 
(megan.fauci@gmail.com); Denise Scorce
Subject: FW: Personal from Carla Heeke-Dean
Folks:
See e-mail below from Carle-Heeke-Dean.  This is the kind of thing that 
keeps one going.  Carla Heeke has Chronic Granulomatous Disease of 
childhood.   They call it "of childhood" because patients never lived 
beyond childhood.   I first started taking care of her  at NIH when she 
was 6 years old.  These patients die of fungal and other infections.   
I kept her alive for several years until she had had so many liver 
abscesses that when she was 12 years old, she had another liver abscess 
with Aspergillus, a deadly fungus.   The surgeons refused to drain it 
because they said that the surgery would kill her and they did not want 
to have someone die in the operating room.  I wanted to keep her alive 
in hope that  we could some day find a therapeutic approach that might 
save her.   I told the surgeons that she definitely would die if they 
did not operate on her and that this tradition that "no one should die 
in the operating room" was frankly "b--s--t".  They still would not 
operate.   I kept pushing and pushing them until they reluctantly 
complied.   She survived the operation and then a couple of years 
later,  treatment (gamma interferon) was found (by John Gallin) to 
prevent her infections.   Several years later she "grew out" of her 
disease and now she does not require any therapy. She has 3 children, 
one boy and 2 girls.   She named the boy Anthony, after me.  Life is 
good.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 316 ---
314
Dad/Tony/Anthony
-----Original Message-----
From: cdean002@cfl.rr.com [mailto:cdean002@cfl.rr.com] 
Sent: Thursday, June 06, 2013 2:59 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Personal from Carla Heeke-Dean
Just a note to say, Hi.
I reached a milestone today that some thought I would never reach.  
Today is my 50th birthday, not bad for my parents being told I wouldn’t 
live to 18?  I want to thank you for all the times you have stood up 
for me even when others didn’t believe I would survive. Thank you for 
all the long hours and every time you went beyond the call of duty.  I 
truly love my life with my family and friends, and know I wouldn’t have 
it without you.  Enjoy this day, because I am!
All I have for you is admiration and thanks.
Love,
Carla Heeke-Dean
June 9, 2013 – Had dinner with the Heads of International Research 
organizations (HIRO) at the Hyatt Bethesda Hotel.   Francis Collins is 
the Chair this year and so they meet in the USA.   Francis asked me to 
be the after dinner speaker with Eric Goosby.   I spoke about the 
threat of MERS-CoV and H7N9 Influenza and Eric spoke about PEPFAR.
June 10, 2013 – Met with Tim Hallett (of the UK’s London School of 
Tropical Health and Hygiene) and Eric Goosby in Eric’s office to 
discuss Tim’s mathematical model for concentrating PEPFAR’s efforts on 
“Hot Zones” of infection within a given country as opposed to targeting 
whole countries or regions.   Mark Dybul is very much in favor of this 
approach and since he is now Executive Director of the Global Fund, he 
wanted me to convince Eric that PEPFAR should take this approach.   
Hence, Mark arranged this meeting of me, Tim, and Eric.   Eric in his 
usual good careful approach is somewhat skeptical of “Models”
June 14, 2013 – Please see hyperlink to historical AIDS posters from 
ACT-UP:
http://huff.to/10fto8L
June 17, 2013 – Met with Senate Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid 
(D-NV) in Building 10, Room 5-1608 to discuss the exciting things in 
research such as universal flu vaccine.   Also there was Francis 
Collins, Story Landis and Gary Gibbons.  We must have done some good 
since the next day Sen. Reid came out with a statement that the 
sequester should exclude NIH.
June 18, 2013 – Good Day.   Went to the 10th Year Anniversary 
Celebration of PEPFAR at the Dean Acheson Auditorium in the State 
Department.   Sen. Kerry presided and in his introduction called me out 
very generously.   Below is the text of his statement.   It is clear 
that my friend Eric Goosby helped his staff write it:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 317 ---
315
Remarks at the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS 
Relief (PEPFAR) 10th Anniversary Celebration
Remarks
John Kerry
Secretary of State
Dean Acheson Auditorium
Washington, DC
June 18, 2013
Thank you very, very much everybody. What a pleasure to be here. This is a really great 
celebration. This is special. And if anybody here – I know you’re here because you are 
touched by it – but what a wonderful thing to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of this 
remarkable intervention that represents the best of the human spirit, and also I think in 
many ways, the best of American leadership. It’s something we can really be proud of, 
and we can be possibly not prouder at all of any effort by any individual than the 
remarkable effort, the amazing job of developing the PEPFAR programs and taking on 
one of the greatest health challenge crises of our time. I cannot thank enough the 
leadership of Ambassador Eric Goosby, who has been spectacular in this effort. 
(Applause.) Thank you. Thank you.
And I want to thank Tatu. Thank you so much for being here with us. I couldn’t be more 
pleased than to welcome you and your daughter, Faith, here to the State Department. I 
think you are an inspiration to everybody in this room and to everybody who knows your 
story, which everybody will learn more of. But you’re a living example of the impact and 
meaning of this program, and we thank you for coming here to share with us.
Also, when it comes to vision and leadership, I’d be remiss if I did not recognize Dr. 
Tony Fauci. Tony has been there since the very beginning, and he has taught us all that if 
we follow the science, we can truly achieve an AIDS-free generation. And I’m not sure 
there would be a PEPFAR today if it were not for the leadership of Tony, and we owe 
him all our thanks, so thank you very much. (Applause.)
And I know full well after 29 years on the Hill that without the right senators and 
congressmen and women behind this kind of effort, it doesn’t happen. And when this 
started up, it started up with a lot of courage by individuals who were willing to step up. 
It didn’t exactly have the unanimous consent not only of the people in the Congress 
initially, but in the country. So I want to thank Senators Mike Enzi and Ben Cardin for 
their leadership, and thanks for being here today; I know you’re going to hear from them. 
And I also want to thank my good friend and colleague Senator Johnny Isakson and the 
other members of Congress who are here. We salute you all for coming and sharing in 
this celebration, and that is what it is.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 318 ---
316
Everybody knows that as you look at Congress today, not every day produces the kind of 
exceptional bipartisan cooperation that created the celebration we’re here to enjoy today. 
This is one issue where I can happily say that partisanship has really almost always taken 
a backseat. And in fact, the success of this effort shows what can happen when you reach 
across the aisle and you do wind up working together.
I want to thank Richard Nchabi Kamwi for – he’s the Health Minister from Namibia – I 
want to thank him for being here with us today. Namibia has been hugely impacted by 
this disease, but through the Minister’s efforts, and our partnership with his country, we 
are seeing extraordinary progress.
And to everyone else here, I know that so many of you here are the stakeholders in this 
effort and you’ve worked hard on it, and I thank you for what you’ve done and I welcome 
you here at the State Department on this tremendous occasion.
I want to acknowledge one person who, sadly, is not here today, and that’s Michael 
Taylor Riggs. Michael was a former congressional staffer whose hard work and 
dedication helped to make PEPFAR a reality. And as many of you know, Michael passed 
away last month at the age of 42. And we miss him, and we thank him for his leadership. 
And while we celebrate today’s anniversary, I think all of us are thinking of Michael as 
well as the millions whose lives this terrible disease touched: the mothers and fathers who 
lost children, the children who were left orphaned, the friends and loved ones left behind, 
the communities that were devastated, from San Francisco to Soweto.
I met a number of these young people who were affected by this disease when Teresa, my 
wife and I, visited the Umgeni Primary School outside of Durban. And I’ll never forget 
the visit, walking around these mud huts with a grandmother who was coughing badly 
from HIV infection, and young kids whose – the only – the gap between them was 
generations wide. And we saw these orphans who were robbed of their parents, who were 
forced to take on the burden of adulthood at the age of 13, 14, 15, and caring for their 
younger siblings.
We were heartbroken at hearing what these children had been through, and you couldn’t 
help but feel this agony and this total disruption of the way life is supposed to be. But we 
were also inspired. We saw in their faces the amazing resilience of humanity, and it said 
something about all of us, and to all of us as well. Because when we all looked lost, when 
this disease appeared to be unstoppable, history will show that humanity and individual 
humans rose to the challenge. Action was taken. Innovations were discovered. Hope was 
kindled, and generations were saved.
The success of PEPFAR, as well as efforts by the entire global community, including the 
great work done by the Global Fund, represents in truth a victory for the human spirit. 
And with the Global Fund replenishment happening this year, now is the time for all 
donors to join with the United States to support and strengthen the fund. The fight against 
HIV and AIDS shows what we can accomplish when we make the effort together, join 
hands, overcome the ideology and the politics, and really dedicate our hearts to win.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 319 ---
317
None of this was easy, and frankly it’s really worth remembering for a moment how 
bleak things looked at a certain point in time. A decade ago, when the world finally began 
to reckon with the full magnitude of this crisis, many experts thought it was too late, and 
with nearly 30 million people infected with HIV/AIDS in 2002, an entire generation 
seemed lost. When I looked at the enormity of the challenge at that point in time, 
candidly it was hard not to be overwhelmed to some degree, and perhaps even a tiny bit 
pessimistic.
But I also felt that we had to do something, and so did many of my fellow senators, I am 
so happy to tell you, especially Bill Frist and ultimately Jessie Helms. I was proud to 
serve with Senator Frist as a founding co-chair of the bipartisan HIV/AIDS taskforce, a 
group that was instrumental in helping us to be able to prepare and lay the groundwork 
and pass the first AIDS legislation in the United States Congress – unanimously, I might 
add, in the Senate, thank to Jesse Helms’ and Bill Frist’s efforts – so that that was signed 
by President Bush in 2003. That translated ultimately into PEPFAR.
This landmark legislation created the world’s largest and most successful foreign 
assistance program, and today a disease that seemed unstoppable is in retreat. Globally, 
new HIV infections have declined nearly 20 percent over the past decade. In Sub-Saharan 
Africa, both the number of new infections and AIDS-related deaths are down by almost 
one-third over the last decade. Last year alone, PEPFAR supported HIV testing and 
counseling for nearly 50 million people, and while just 300,000 people in low and middle 
income countries were receiving anti-retroviral treatment 10 years ago, today PEPFAR is 
directly supporting more than 5 million people on treatment.
Because of these successes, I am honored to make a very special announcement today, an 
announcement that we could literally only have dreamed about 10 years ago. Thanks to 
the support of PEPFAR, we have saved the one millionth baby from becoming infected 
with HIV. That is a remarkable step. (Applause.)
And as you know, preventing mother-to-child transmission has been a central pillar of 
our fight against this disease, and just this month we reached the truly landmark moment 
on the HIV/AIDS timeline. Imagine what this means – one million babies, like Tatu’s 
daughter Faith, can grow up happy and healthy, go to school, realize their dreams, break 
out of this cycle, maybe even have sons and daughters of their own, free from the burden 
and the fear of HIV.
That is not the only good news. I’m also pleased to report that in 13 countries, we have 
now passed a programmatic tipping point. Today, more people are newly receiving 
treatment than are newly infected. We are at this point, thanks to the combined and 
coordinated efforts of all partners in the fight of global – against global AIDS. That is 
what has brought us to this moment.
But in order for more countries to pass this tipping point and keep going in the right 
direction, we still need to reach those who are at the greatest risk of HIV infection. That’s 
why last July, the United States announced the creation of a new $20 million fund to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 320 ---
318
support key populations, people who are too often stigmatized, at risk, and neglected. 
And that means particularly men who have sex with men, it means people who inject 
drugs, and it means sex workers. And it’s my pleasure today to announce that the 
recipients of this funding, Cambodia, Ghana, Nepal, Senegal, Swaziland, Zimbabwe, and 
two regional programs, are going to have the benefit of this going forward.
This has been a decade of remarkable progress, my friends. But obviously, our work is 
not done. Millions still become infected every year and millions are still dying. But we 
can now say with confidence something we could perhaps only have dreamed of before, 
as I said, and that is we can achieve an AIDS-free generation, and that is within our grasp 
now.
So to get there we’re going to have to stay at it. Under President Obama’s leadership, we 
have redoubled our efforts. Through PEPFAR, the U.S. now directly supports three times 
more people on antiretroviral drugs today than we did in 2008.
Where we once saw a situation spiraling out of control, today we see a virtuous cycle 
beginning to form, with more people receiving treatment and fewer people passing on the 
virus. Fewer infections means it is now easier to actually focus treatment efforts. And 
with fewer people sick and dying, we are seeing healthier, more productive populations. 
That’s the virtuous cycle. The economies of Sub-Saharan Africa are growing at a 
substantial rate, and a generation is now able to look to the future with hope.
As the progress continues, PEPFAR, over its next decade, will gradually evolve as our 
fight against this disease evolves, and that is going to happen both by necessity and by 
design. Achieving an AIDS-free generation is a shared responsibility and it is going to be 
a shared accomplishment. That is why PEPFAR is working to gradually and 
appropriately transfer responsibilities to host countries. This means that PEPFAR will 
shift from merely providing aid to co-investing in host countries’ capacity.
Ten years after this program began, rest assured that the commitment of President 
Obama, the State Department, myself, this country’s commitment to fighting HIV/AIDS 
is as undiminished as our work is unfinished. Our commitment has only been 
strengthened by the progress that we’ve made and the lives that we’ve saved and this 
story that we are able to tell today. This story compels us to continue.
What has been achieved here is a lesson for all of us. And I think it is, in fact, a lesson 
that people should believe in humanity. To never doubt what we can achieve is one of the 
lessons of today, to know that we can do the remarkable, that we can find solutions to 
what seems to be unsolvable, that we can overcome the insurmountable and we can leave 
politics and ideology at the wayside in order to choose life and possibilities for people 
everywhere.
Because of this faith, because of this program, because of your efforts, because a mother 
like Tatu could live to see her child grow up to change the world – that is why we will 
continue
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 321 ---
319
Thank you. Thank you, Eric. Thank you, senators and congressmen and women. And 
thank you, all of you who have worked at this extraordinary effort. It’s a story worth 
telling. Appreciate it. (Applause.)
PRN: 2013/0755
June 19, 2013 – Met with Derek Hanekom, Minister of Science and Technology of 
Republic of South Africa to discuss collaborations.. The SA MRC (under Salim Karim) 
actually reports to this Minister, not the Minister of Health.
June 22, 2013 – Went with Chris to Annual Garden Party at Jamie Gorelick and Rich 
Waldhorn’s home.  Usual DC A team in attendance.   
    Of note, the MERS-CoV and H7N9 situation has calmed down substantially with very 
few new infections and little media interest.
June 26, 2013 – Gave remarks at dedication of the Baruch Blumberg Institute is Silver 
Spring.   Apparently Barry spoke very highly of me to his family and now that he is dead, 
they wanted me there at the dedication.
July 2, 2013 – With elevated Ca++, low Phosporus, and elevated PTH for years and 
having passed a renal stone several weeks ago, David Jacobs, Ace Lipson and I decided 
to proceed with parathyroidectomy.   Did scan and ultrasound and a very discreet left 
nodule was seen.   Visited today with Dr. Stanley Knoll of GW Hospital.   He has fine 
reputation with PT adenoma surgery and we scheduled surgery for August 1.   Could 
have gone to HUP or Yale since the real Gurus are there, but I elected to stay close to 
home since this is a discreet and apparently easy-to-do operation when it takes this form.
July 12, 2013 – I had an Opinion Piece in the Washington Post today on the need for an 
HIV vaccine.  Off to Vienna tomorrow to deliver Opening Keynote Address at the 
Annual Meeting of STI and HIV Conference on July 14.
July 14, 2013 – Vienna talk went very well.   Strange, but good, experience of flying 
there night before, arrive in AM,  giving an evening opening keynote, going to a 
reception and flying back the next morning.
July 23, 2013 – Had dinner over Bob and Deb Seder’s house at 6216 – Kennedy Drive, 
Chevy Chase, MD  with Cheryl Mills (Chief-of-Staff to Hillary Clinton (and Bill 
Clinton).   Cheryl is a good friend.  Her husband (David Dimineci) and beautiful Children 
were there.   Discussed Hillary’s possible run for President in 2016.   Chris and Jenny 
Fauci with me.
July 24, 2013 – Went with Chris, Jenny and Bob Seder to Nats – Pirates game.   Great 
summer night; balmy, clear.   Nast lose. 4-2.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 322 ---
320
Aug. 1, 2013 – Underwent review of my performance as NIAID Director over past 3 
years since my last review in 2007.  Reviewers were Laurie Glimcher, Adel Mahmoud, 
Dennis Kasper, and Diane Griffin.   Went extremely well.
Also, Secretary Sebelius visited NIH today and I was part of the delegation that met with 
her.   I discussed with her the potential for a universal influenza vaccine.
Aug. 2, 2013 – Met with a delegation from the country of Georgia.   I had previously met 
2X over the years with the First Lady of Georgia.   Today met with the Minister of Health 
and the Georgian Ambassador to the USA.   Good meeting.
Aug. 5, 2013 – Had removal of parathyroid adenoma at GW Hospital by Dr. Stanley 
Knoll.   Went very well and was back at work 2 days later.  Very little pain.
Aug. 6 – 8, 2013 -  Papers came out in Science, Nature, BMJ, etc. that generated major 
press interest.   First was Bob Seder’s and Steve Hoffman’s malaria vaccine paper in 
Science; another was a report in BMJ of human-to-human transmission of one case of 
H7N9 from father (60 y.o.)  to daughter (32 y.o.); finally, Fouchier and Kawaoka wrote a 
statement in Science/Nature giving their reasons why they want to go ahead with gain-of-
function (GOF) research on H7N9 and other influenzas.   They respect the concerns of 
HHS and say they will recognize restrictions.   HHS wrote a letter to Science stating the 
HHS position that GOF function experiments with H7N9 that increase transmissibility by 
respiratory route in mammals will go to additional level of review at the HHS level 
(Framework Approach – see above).   For the latter, I was quoted liberally by AP in page 
A3 of the Washington Post on Aug. 8.   Also, regarding the daughter transmission, I was 
on WTOP on Aug. 7 and appeared on CNN Wolf Blitzer Situation Room on Aug. 7.  
Also, on August 8, Al Jazeera, China News Service, was on NPR All Things Considered 
for the malaria vaccine as well as BBC and on Aug. 9, NPR Science Friday.   Regarding 
the statement by Fouchier and Kawaoka, this generated the usual push-back from the 
people who feel that these experiments should not be done – Mike Osterholm, Ebright, 
Adel Mahmoud, Mike Imperiale, etc.    My quote was measured and emphatic in the Post 
that said that added level of review was necessary.
Aug. 10, 2013 -  Had long talk at home over phone on Saturday (today) with Mike 
Gerson who will write a Washington Post column on the successful malaria vaccine trial 
that we conducted at the Clinical Center (paper published in Science with Bob Seder as 
first author.   His article will appear on August .
Aug. 16, 2013 -   Taped a tribute to Ted Kennedy and Vicki Reggi Kennedy for a Susan 
Komen event honoring them that will take place at the Kennedy Center in September.
Aug. 20, 2013 – Met with Deputy Minister for Health of the Kingdom of Saudia Arabia – 
Dr. Ziad Memish.   He is visiting with regard to establishing scientific collaborations with 
NIH and CDC on the MERS-CoV.   He has admired me for years and was very happy to 
meet and interact with me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 323 ---
321
Aug. 22, 2013 – Nice piece on me and my “Leadership” in the ONLINE version of the 
Washington Post.   Will also appear in print version soon.
Sept. 7, 2013 (Saturday)– Went to an “A-List” party at the home of Jane and Calvin 
Cafritz on R and 29th Street, N.W.   Usual glitterati there with Senators (Markey), 
Generals (Casey) many ambassadors.   Very enjoyable night.   During the evening, 
Ambassador Walter Cutler (former Ambassador to Saudi Arabia) had a vas0-vagal attack 
and they called for a physician.   I attended to him and the story made it into the Style 
section of the Washington Post on the following Monday.
Sept. 3 – 10, and beyond) – Obama threatening to attack Syria since Assad used 
Chemical weapons (Sarin Gas) against his own citizens.  At first the POTUS said he 
would attack imminently.   Then, after it was clear that there was not universal support 
domestically or internationally for this approach, Obama hesitated and said he would go 
to Congress to get “authorization” even though he claims that he already has 
authorization to attack Syria.   He is definitely giving a garbled message.   New slant is 
that Russia who would veto any UN resolution against Syria is trying to broker a deal that 
if we do not attack, Syria will allow international control of their Chemical weapons.   
More Later.
Sept. 10, 2013 – Went to Rooftop Recption dinner hosted by the Friends of the National 
Library of Medicine at 101 Constitution Avenue, N.W. with a breath-taking view of the 
Capitol.   I gave laudation/award to Ray Schinazi for his discover of Lamivudine, 
Emtricitabine, and sofosbuvir.  Very enjoyable night.
Sept. 11, 2013 – Gave Great Teacher’s Lecture at the Masur Auditorium in the Clinical 
Center as part of celebration of 60th Anniversary of the NIH Clinical Center.   Spoke of 
Ending the AIDS Pandemic; however spent first part of talk on ny history in coming to 
and working in the Clinical Center for over 40 years.   Packed house in Masur and over-
flow in Lipsett Auditorium.  Amazing how time flies by.   I remember the first day that I 
arrived and parked in the lot diretly in front of the CC and bumped into Alba Cosenza.
Sept. 19, 2013 – I called an important Summit that took place at Bethesda North 
Marriott.   Purpose was to discuss the advisability of using Adenovirus vectors for HIv 
vaccines given the failures of Ad5 vectors in 3 vaccine trials, but more importantly the 
fact that there were “trends” in each study that showed an enhancing effect on acquisition 
of infection in the vaccines who received the Ad5 vector.  Meta-analysis of the 3 studies 
showed a significant (<0.01) 32% enhancement of infection.   Big question is that there 
are ongoing plans to use other vectors (Ad26, among others) in future HIV vaccine trials 
as well as in non-HIV vaccine trials (malaria, TB, etc.) in populations that might be at 
risk for HIV.   Seems to me that any vaccine that activates cells that might migrate to the 
mucosal surface can have an enhancing effect that is seen if the vaccine is not efficacious.   
If the vaccine is efficacious, then the enhancing effect is masked as might have been the 
case with the 31% efficacy of the RV144 trial.   Important issue is to try to get the 
efficacious vaccine and not do a trial on an Ad vector unless it shows an immune 
response that would be better than any other vaccines that we have tried.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 324 ---
322
Sept. 20, 2013 – Went to Lasker Lunch at the Pierre Hotel in NYC.  Beautiful Fall Day.   
Bill and Melinda Gates won the Bloomberg-Lasker Award for Public Service that I had 
won a few years ago.   Nice event.   Bill and I discussed briefly the challenges of the P5 
vaccine agenda.
Sept. 23, 2013 – Went to Friends of Cancer Research Awards reception on the roof of the 
Hay-Adams hotel.   Beautiful Indian Summer nuight and spectacular view of White 
House.   Invited by Ellen Sigal.   She seated me in first row of award ceremony after 
reception.   Present were Governors Martin O’Malley of MD and Robert McDonnel of 
VA.  Got to chat with both.  Usual glitterati reception.
Sept. 27, 2013 – Had great typical dinner with Wayne and Catherine Reynolds at the 
Jefferson Hotel.   Intimate setting with about 20 people at dinner – Rick Atkinson and 
wife Jane (Rick is strongly encouraging me to get going in writing my book); Gen. James 
Jones and wife; Gen. Colin Powell and Alma Powell; John Rogers (Goldman Sachs and 
wife Deborah Lehr); Ben Carson and wife Candy; journalist Dana Priest; Steve 
Rosenberg and wife Alice, among others.   Stimulating conversation regard imminent 
shutting down of the USG due to  stalemate on budget between Republicans (who want 
to defund Obamacare) and Democrats (who want a clean bill to keep government going 
on a CR without touching Obamacare).   Difficult to predict what will happen on Monday 
(Sept. 30) at midnight, when the current fiscal year ends.   During dinner varied 
discussion.   I spoke passionately about the stupidity of across the board cuts in 
Biomedical research as part of the sequester and how this will damage our standing as the 
world leader in biomedical research.
Sept. 28-30, 2013 – Threat of US government shutdown due to impasse in discussions 
between Republicans (Speaker Boehner – driven by T Party extremists) and Democrats 
(POTUS and Sen. Leader Harry Reid).   GOP wants to negotiate defunding Obamacare or 
at least modifying (delaying) individual mandate before they pass a CR to keep 
government open after Sept. 30.   POTUS refused to negotiate “with a gun to my head”.  
He says: “pass CR and then we negotiate; also raise debt limit without conditions”.  I 
have prepared a video tape of my Opening Keynote for the Barcelona AIDS Vaccine 
meeting on Oct. 7 in preparation for possibility that I will not be able to travel to Spain.   
Rule is that if USG shuts down, then no USG employee travels.
Oct. 1, 2013 – Government shut down.   NIH begins to furlough 70+% of our work force.
Oct. 7, 2013 – I obviously did not leave for Spain.  Was scheduled to leave on Oct. 5 to 
arrive on Oct. 6.   My video was played on this evening.   I put an extraordinary amount 
of time over the previous 5 weeks preparing this talk and it was one of the best that I have 
done.   It was received with overwhelming praise as many people e-mailed me after the 
video was shown (7:00 PM Barcelona time – 1:00 PM DC time).   People were tweeting 
even during the lecture.   Gepi Pantaleo e-mailed me right after the lecture and said that 
“it was amazing”.   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 325 ---
323
Our government is dysfunctional with neither side giving any indication of negotiating.   
Likely to be shut down until and beyond the debt ceiling deadline of October 17.   This 
will mean that I will miss several other talks including the upcoming award that I am 
supposed to receive in San Francisco from the SF AIDS Foundation (SFAF) on Saturday, 
Oct. 12.  Stay tuned.
Oct. 8, 2013 – Bill Gates was supposed to deliver the Barnes Lecture and tour the NIH 
yesterday, but it was cancelled because of USG shutdown.  Francis Collins, Harold 
Varmus and I went to the Gates office in DC at 1300 I Street, N.W. to meet with him at 
9:00 AM.   Francis, Harold and I met at Starbuck’s at 1225 – I Street, N.W. at 8:20 AM 
to plan strategy.   Visit with Bill went very well.   I have met previously with Bill several 
times including at his home in Seattle.  The conversation today focused mostly on 
collaborations that I and NIAID have with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation 
(BMGF) including the P5 vaccine trials, the HIV antibody – immunogen studies, the 
Sanaria malaria project, etc.   Excellent discussions and we will expand NIH - BMGF 
collaborations.  
Oct. 12, 2013 – Government still shut down.   POTUS refuses to negotiate under threat 
of shut-down and debt ceiling debate.   House GOP (Speaker Boehner)  refusing to let 
vote go to floor to open USG and raise debt ceiling since the combination of moderate 
republicams and Democrats in the House would pass it.    I miss the trip to SF to get 
award from SFAF.
Oct. 16, 2013 -   Still shut down.  Senate agrees on Bill to open USG and raise debt 
ceiling.   Waiting on House and Boehner.
Went to dinner at Villa Firenze (home of Italian Ambassador to the USA, Claudio 
Bisogniero) at 2800 Albermarle Street, N.W. to honor visit of Italian Prime Minister 
Enrico Letta (recently elected, 47 year old).  Festive  occasion with many of the usual DC 
glitterati.   Had nice conversation with: Wolf Blitzer (CNN), Valerie Jarrett (White 
House), Susan Rice (National Security Advisor), Nancy Pelosi, Sen. Ed. Markey, Phil 
Piccagallo (Suns of Italy).   Sat next to Maj. Gen. Giovanni Fantuzzi, Military Attache for 
the Italian Embassy, Linda Douglas (formerly of network TV and White House who was 
with husband, the newly appointed Ambassador to Italy, Amb. Philip.   The opening of 
the USG was announce as we were at the dinner when Nancy Pelosi and Ed Markey 
reported that a deal was reached.
Oct. 17, 2013  -  USG opens and debt ceiling raised temporarily until Jan.   Likely a 
similar battle will occur in January.
Oct. 18, 2013 – Terrific meeting today.   Paul Stoffels, Chief Scientific Officer of 
Janssen research Foundation, part of Johnson & Johnson called me months ago asking to 
have a meeting since he wanted to support and develop the Ad26 vector – HIV mosaic 
insert vaccine candidate of Dan Barouch.   I have always liked working with Paul since 
he is the real deal as an honest scientist and smart drug developer/businessman.  He came 
in from Belgium with a team from Crucell company that was recently purchased by 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 326 ---
324
Janssen.   Team was Hannecke Shuitemacher, Maria Grazia Pau, and Johan Van Hoof    
We discussed the plan for collaborating via DAIDS, HVTN and VRC with the 
development of this product for Phase 1 and thenPhase 2a and 2b if the early studies 
dictate.   
Could possibly be an historic meeting if this works out.
Oct. 19, 2013 – Went to IOM president’s dinner at the NAS on 2101 Constitution 
Avenue, N.W. to celebrate the end of Harvey Feinberg’s 2 terms (12 years – 8 months 
left) as President.   Was at Table with Peggy Hamberg and her dad David Hamberg 
(former President of IOM) and her mother Beatrix.   I was impressed at how old so many 
of the IOM folks look, i.e. Sam Their (with a cane), Roger Bolger, Stuart Bonderant, etc.   
It was a pleasant evening.   I went to show respect for my old friend Harvey Feinberg, but 
in general, it confirms that I do not like being “trapped” at a table for dinners.
Oct. 21, 2013 – Larry Kramer has been at NY Presbyterian Hospital at Columbia for 
some time with liver issues and unexplained failure to thrive following a bowel 
obstruction that was operated on at NYU Medical Center last summer.   He was 
transferred to Columbia to see Dr. Bob Brown who is his liver physician at Columbia.   
He was married in the hospital to long-time partner David Webster while he was in the 
hospital.   Now he is transferred to rehab.   I have been in contact with Peter Staley to see 
if it would benefit him to come to NIH.   I would be happy to have him here, but his 
physicians at Columbia (including Scott Hammer who I asked to evaluate him for this 
issue) feel that it would be best if he did not travel.   I e-mailed Larry to find out what 
rehab institution he is in so that I can visit him when I am in NYC.   It pains me to see 
such a warrior slipping physically.   I hope that he will be able to finish his opus magnum 
book that he is writing.
October 22, 2013 - - I went to New York City to receive the Pro Bono Humanum Award 
of the Galien Foundation. The ceremony was in the Museum of Natural History on 79th 
St. and Central Park West. Prior to the ceremony I went up to New York for a few hours 
early to visit Larry Kramer who is recovering in the Village Care Rehabilitation and 
Nursing Center at 214 W. Houston St. in Greenwich Village. It was a somewhat cloudy 
overcast day with an occasional breakthrough of sunshine. I visited Larry in the facility 
and I was somewhat shocked by how thin and cachectic he was.  We had a good 
conversation about how he is doing and I encouraged him to continue to push to get back 
on his feet. He is having trouble walking and he is very weak. I will consider the 
possibility of bringing him to the National Institutes of Health for further  rehabilitation. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 327 ---
325
Following the visit to Larry I went back to my hotel which was the Hotel Excelsior on 
81st St. between Columbus Avenue and Central Park West. The ceremony at the 
Museum of Natural History was stunning in the positive sense. I completely 
underestimated the importance of this particular function. The annual function makes 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 328 ---
326
three major awards to biotech companies, pharmaceutical companies, and companies that 
develop devices. It is essentially the Academy Awards of pharmaceutical/biotech 
companies. I gave the keynote address associated with my receiving the Pro Bono 
Humanum Award.   This award is given every year.   Over the past 3 years it has been 
won by Francis Collins, Paul Farmer, and Bill Clinton.   The dinner gala was held in the 
Whale Room of the Museum of Natural History. All the elite of the biotech world, the 
pharmaceutical world, and the academic world were in the audience, which consisted of 
about 500 people I gave an address on “Ending the HIV/AIDS Pandemic:   From 
Scientific Advances to Public Health Implementation.  Importantly I was introduced and 
presented the award by Elie Wiesel. It was an extraordinary honor to receive the award 
by him. I returned to Washington DC first thing in the morning to a very busy week.
October 27, 2013 – Went to reception and showing of a movie by famed young Indian 
actor, director, producer Aamir Khan at Jefferson Hotel at invitation of Catherine and 
Wayne Reynolds.   Film was on female fetocide in Indian culture.   Quite moving.  Khan 
is a multi-millionaire visionary and pioneer for human right causes.
October 28, 2013 – Appeared via teleconference at a NY State AIDS Institute 
Conference in NYC organized by Mark Harrington and TAG.   They wanted my input on 
how we can truly put an end to the AIDS epidemic in NY State.   Mark Dybul phoned in 
after me from Geneva and the Global Fund.   
October 31, 2013 – Been in press over past few days regarding recent papers in Science 
and other journals on the HIV envelope resolution by cryo-EM by Ian Wilson, Dennis 
Burton, John Moore.   Also on WTOP today regarding polio in Syria.  
Nov. 3, 2013 – Went to San Francisco for day – flew in the AM, gave Keynote at the 
Lancet/Cell Conference on “Achieving an AIDS-Free World”.   My talk was widely 
quoted and praised for its comprehensive analysis of the opportunity and challenges in 
achieving an AIDS-Free world.   Richard Horton (Editor of The Lancet) praised me in 
several subsequent commentaries and editorials.   This is now a highly visible and much-
discussed issue of an AIDS-free generation.   I am leading the discussion, but with the 
usual caveats that it is not yet time for a “victory lap” since much needs to be done and 
despite great scientific and implementation advances, this is not on automatic pilot.   I 
flew back on “red eye”.   Hence 12 hours in the air and about 10 hours in SF.   This is my 
life.
Nov. 11-16, 2013 -   Great trip with Christine to visit Oxford and give the Unither Baruch 
Blumberg Lecture at Oxford on “Ending the HIV/AIDS Pandemic:  From Scientific 
Advances to Public Health Implementation”.  Met with Raymond Dwek and other 
colleagues.   Visited historic sites within Oxford and enjoyed seeing places where Willis 
(Circle of Willis), Harvey (circulation) and Francis bacon lived and went to school.   I am 
not usually moved by these things, but this was good.
On Nov. 13-14, went to Berlin to receive the Robert Koch Gold Medal.   Great honor.   
Jeffrey Gordon of Washington University received the Robert Koch Prize for his work on 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 329 ---
327
microbiome.   My Medal was for lifetime achievement in medical science.   Peter Palese 
gave the best introduction of me ever.   He seriously compared my career to that of 
Robert Koch in that I attacked a brand new disease (HIV/AIDS) in the same manner that 
Koch approached and studied Anthrax, TB, etc.   It was a humbling and exciting visit.   I 
gave the Robert Koch Lecture at the Max Planck Institute and reacted with many 
students.  Also saw old friends Stefan Kaufman (nominated me), Fritz Melchers, 
Hermann Wagner, etc.   Visited Checkpoint Charley, Brandenburg Gate, The Reichstag.  
Great honor and enjoyable visit.
November 19, 2013 -  Yesterday I appeared on Local TV Station WUSA – Channel 9 
News  at 7:00 PM to discuss the recent outbreak of meningococcal meningitis at 
Princeton University. Since March, 2012 that have been a total of seven cases of 
meningitis among Princeton students. Six of the cases were among resident students and 
one was a case from a visitor. The type of the meningitis was meningococcal type B, 
which is not contained in the vaccine that is distributed generally among students and 
young people in United States. The standard vaccine contains types A, C, Y, and W-135.. 
None of the students died from the meningitis. I will be appearing today on the radio 
WTOP to discuss the situation. The FDA has given approval for importation of type B 
vaccines from Novartis Company in Switzerland. It still remains to get approval from the 
institutional review board of the CDC. As usual HHS Public affairs has balked at my 
going on the media because they consider this a CDC issue. This time with support from 
John Burklow, we asked for permission, they said no, and I went on TV last night 
anyway. I am going to appear on radio this morning again. This is a turning point in our 
relationship with HHS who continue in a completely crazy way to rty to block our going 
on the media in situations that they feel belong to CDC even though the Media 
specifically ask for me.
November 20, 2013 – This was one of the most magical evenings that I have had in 
Washington in the 40 years that I have been here. I was invited with Christine to go to a 
Celebration of the 50th anniversary of the conferring of the Presidential Medals of 
Freedom. The event was held at the Smithsonian Museum of American History on 1300 
Constitution Ave. NW., District of Columbia. The event was in celebration of several 
things. It commemorated the 50th anniversary of the assassination of Pres. John F. 
Kennedy. It also was the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the Presidential Medals 
of Freedom by Pres. Kennedy. We found out in a historical examination of the situation 
that Kennedy established the Presidential Medal of Freedom in February of 1963. He was 
intending to give out the first metals in December of 1963. However, as we know, sadly 
he was assassinated on November 23, 1963. Pres. Lyndon B. Johnson went ahead and 
conferred the medals one month after the death of Pres. Kennedy. He conferred the 
Medal to Pres. Kennedy post-humously and gave it to Jacqueline Kennedy who received 
it on her deceased husband's behalf. The reception and dinner that was held at the 
Museum of American History was extraordinary. Virtually everyone who is anybody in 
Washington, DC was there and it was highly populated by people who in the past had 
received the Medal. I had the opportunity to speak with Pres. Obama, President Clinton, 
as well as a nice conversation with Hillary Clinton. It was also the first time that I had the 
opportunity to speak with first lady Michelle Obama. The number of celebrities that were 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 330 ---
328
brought together for a group picture of all the former Medal winners as well as the people 
who recently won this year including people like Ben Bradley, Ernie Banks and others. It 
was truly an extraordinary evening. I mingled and talked with Ernie Banks and Hank 
Aaron,  Bill Russell, generals, statesmen, et cetera. The evening was highlighted by a 
speech by Pres. Obama regarding the legacy of Pres. John F. Kennedy. In a poignant 
point in the evening, Pres. Obama was introduced in his speech by Jack Schlossberg who 
is the son of Caroline Kennedy and the grandson of Pres. Kennedy. Sitting at my table 
was former CIA director and FBI Dir. Bob Webster, Doug Kramer who is the former 
staff secretary to the President and currently General Counsel for USAID. Sitting right 
next to Christine was the legendary race car driver Richard Petty. All in all it was a truly 
spectacular evening there was entertainment by one of this year's Medal winner, Cuban 
musician Arturo Sandoval who was a protégé of Dizzy Gillespie. He gave one of the 
most extraordinary trumpet performances that I have ever heard in addition to 
extraordinary singing ability and a phenomenal piano piece that he played. Again this 
was truly an extraordinary evening.   It was black tie, elegant setting.  Military regalia as 
per the presence of the POTUS.   The night was chilly, crisp and clear.
LIST OF ATTENDEES AT GALA on Nov. 20:
Expected Attendees at the Dinner in Honor of Presidential Medal of Freedom Awardees  The White House.mht
November 21, 2013 - Funding of PEPFAR and Replenishment of Global Fund to 
Fight Aid TB and Malaria (GFATM) – Over the past several days there has been 
considerable activity about the issue facing the funding of PEPFAR for 2015. The 
activists are pushing to have 12 million people on therapy by 2016. The global goal is 15 
million people on therapy by 2015. The Obama administration will not give additional 
funding for PEPFAR that would allow them to reasonably achieve the goal of 12 million 
people on therapy by 2016. Therefore, the State Department and the people at PEPFAR 
are struggling with how to message something that would be disappointing when you 
look at the numbers. I've had pre-calls with Deborah VonZinkernagel and today (Nov. 
21, 2013) we had a call with three people from the State Department – Daniella Ballou-
Aares, Lorrie McHugh-Wytkind, Eric Goosby and Deborah.  I was up in NYC for the day 
to appear on an Atlantic Magazine-sponsored panel and Webinar on a similar subject: 
“Talk is Cheap: Saving Lives, Ending AIDS and Putting Our Money Where Our Mouth 
Is”.  As an aside, other participants in that Atlantic Magazine panel where Peter Staley, 
Nancy Mahon (MAC Cosmetics), Jeffrey Sachs (Columbia), Phill Wilson (Black AIDS 
Institute), Luis Loures (UNAIDS).  Stephen Lewis (AIDS-Free World), Wafaa El-Sadr, 
Danny Resnic (Origami Condoms) and Deborah Persaud (Hopkins).  The Session was a 
big hit.
Back to the telephone conversation with PEPFAR and State.  I made the strong 
suggestion that the PEPFAR people and the Department of State bite the bullet and tell 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 331 ---
329
the truth about what they can and cannot do. One of the problems is that if they stick by 
the promised numbers without the resources to achieve those numbers it will turn out that 
they will overpromise something that they cannot deliver on. Note the similarity to the 
roll-out of the Affordable Care Act – a true mess-up).  I warned them as to the danger of 
this. They should suggest to the White House that they assume a leadership role in getting 
the entire global community to increase their support of the treatment goals. We cannot 
get to that goal ourselves since we do not have the resources. I feel that it would be 
appropriate for us to put more resources in. However, OMB refuses to put any more than 
just about $150 million more into the 2015 PEPFAR budget. The phone call went well 
and I hope that they take my advice. More to come.
Announcement was made today that David Ho and I have won the Prince Mahidol 
Award from Thailand.   We will receive it for medical research and Peter Piot and Jim 
Kim will receive it for Public Health.   Ceremony will take place in Bangkok on January 
28, 2014
November 26, 2013 – We here at NIH have been working on the schedule for the visit of 
Bill Gates to the NIH on December 2, 2013. There was considerable concern that this 
might conflict with the annual World AIDS Day celebration at the White House which 
would involve Pres. Obama that might be scheduled on December 2. However the White 
House announced that they will have the celebration on December 3 which avoided a 
conflict with the Bill Gates visit. Considerable planning went into the scheduled Gates 
visit with my playing a major role in showing him around and leading discussions.  
However I just heard literally minutes ago from the White House that the World AIDS 
Day ceremony will take place on Monday, December 2. This directly overlaps and 
conflicts with the Bill Gates visit. This will be very disruptive and upsetting to both Bill 
Gates and the NIH since the last time Bill Gates was scheduled to visit the NIH was the 
time that the government shut down in October, 2013. I will wait further instructions 
from the White House since I have been assigned a major speaking role at the World 
AIDS Day celebration at the White House. I am supposed to speak on the “Care 
Continuum” and the road to a “cure” for HIV/AIDS.  More to follow.
December 2, 2013 – Monday and cold cloudy day is DC.   Celebration of World AIDS 
Day (WAD) today since December 1 was a Sunday.   Also, Bill Gates visited NIH to 
deliver Barnes Lecture and to be shown around NIH:
Gates – Francis Collins, I, and Clif Barry showed Bill Gates around the BSL-3 
containment facility in Building 33 where we do experiment on marmosets with drug-
resistant TB.   Clif does drug screening.   We suited up with all the contained gear 
(“space suits”) and had a good time showing Bill around.   This was followed by a 
roundtable discussion with certain IC Directors (me, Varmus, Pettigrew, Guttmacher, 
Glass, Somerman and Collins.   I know Bill well from multiple interactions over the years 
and I spoke with him about our ongoing collaboration with the Bill & Melinda Gates 
Foundation (BMGF) over the years.   I did not remain for his lecture since I had to rush 
down to the White House for the WAD ceremony
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 332 ---
330
White House – Ceremony in the South Court Auditorium of the WH.   Speeches by 
POTUS, Sec. Kerry, Sec. Sebelius, Valerie Jarrett, Cecilia Munoz (Domestic policy 
Council).   Panel with Collins, Gates, Dybul, Chris Beyrer (Hopkins), Amanda Castel 
(GWU), Kali Lindsey (National Minority Council), and Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala 
(Minister of Finance of Nigeria).   POTUS had announced a reprogramming from within 
AIDS budget at NIH $100 million over 3 years for a “Cure Initiative”.   I was asked and 
gave the final talk of the ceremony on the links between the care continuum and a cure.   
Very well received.   I, of course, am somewhat cynical about a “cure initiative” with no 
new money.
Global Fund Replenishment – Today and tomorrow are the 2 big days for countries to 
meet here in DC to pledge for the next 3 year cycle of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, 
TB, and Malaria.  I attended meeting at Willard Hotel where Sec Kerry gave a terrific 
speech.
Dec. 3, 2013 – Hectic but very good day.   Started early in AM and went to Reserve 
Officers Association at one Constitution Avenue, N.E. for a Friends of the Global Fight 
Against AIDS, TB, and Malaria had a breakfast.   Multiple speeches; Moderated by Mike 
Gerson; several speakers called me out for my “pioneering work on HIV/AIDS” 
including Bill Gates, Nancy Pelosi, Mike Gerson and others.   I left the meeting at 9:00 
AM, went to the AAI Council meeting in Rockville as I do every year to update them on 
NIAID and then immediately went to DCA to fly to NYC to attend as guest of Bob Seder 
and Debbie Harmon the Women for Women Gala in honor of Hillary Clinton at the 
American Museum of Natural History at W 79th Street and Central Park West.   I stayed 
at the Excelsior on W 81st.   It was an amazing evening.   I was among about 12 people 
who greeted and had special ‘audience” with Hillary Clinton.   At my table (#18) was my 
“dinner date” Cheryl Mills (we are becoming good friend), Virginia Moseley (VP and 
Deputy Bureau Chief of CNN), Marty Edelman (Counsel to real estate practice – big 
contributor to Wounded Warriors project), Norma Kamali (Fashion designer – flakey and 
interesting lady who wants me to come to NYC again and talk to her “health group” 
about immune enhancing), Nella Domenici (Daughter of Sen. Pete Domenici and sister-
in-law to Cheryl Mills), Ngozi Eze Nigeria Country Director for Women for Women), 
Susan Goldberg (Exec. Editor of Bloomberg News).   Also met with Sheryl Sandberg 
(“Lean in” and COO of Facebook).   Also, importantly met Jeff Zients who fixed the 
computer catastrophe of the role out of Obamacare. Jeff will likely become Economic 
Advisor to Obama.  All-in-all a very festive evening.   Clinton gave a great speech.
Returned to DC on 6:00 AM on Dec. 4 shuttle in time to be on panel at Georgetown 
University Copley Lounge of the Global Fund.   Was on panel with Eric Goosby, Tom 
Frieden, Admiral Tim Ziemer (head of the President’s Malaria Initiative).   My panel 
moderated by Larry Gostin.   Mark Dybul gave very moving speech as Keynote.
Dec. 5, 2013 – Meningococcal meningitis breakout among a few students at Princeton 
and then at UC Santa Barbara.   Was on WTOP radio today to discuss.  Was Group B for 
which we do not have an FDA approved vaccine for in the USA.   Used in Europe and 
Australia.   FDA giving emergency use authorization for use in Princeton.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 333 ---
331
Had dinner with Danny Hultzen and Chris Hultzen.   Danny had significant operation on 
torn labium and rotator cuff in his left (pitching) arm.   On rehabilitation now.   Amazing 
that he was 5 and 1 with a 2.3 ERA in AAA ball pitching at 93 mph with torn shoulder 
ligaments.   Hopefully he will fully recover since he was slated to go up to MLB last 
year.
Dec. 14, 2013 – Had quick trip to NYC on Saturday for Editorial Board meeting of 
HPIM.   Big issue is the decreased sales of the printed book, particularly domestically.   
Reason clearly is that students and others are not using print books very much to study 
and learn and look up material.   Almost all online.   We need to emphasize more out 
online versions, i.e. iPAD, HOL, HP, etc.   Good to see the other editors.
Dec. 17, 2013 – Grant Colfax, the White House AIDS person and Directors of the Office 
of Nation AIDS Policy (ONAP) called me to give me heads-up that he was stepping 
down.  Interesting since he has been on the job for only 1.5 years.  Not sure what his 
reason was for stepping down.   He is returning the San Francisco.
Dec. 27, 2013 – Influenza season starting to spike with predominance of 2009 H1N1.   
Interesting that ever since 2009, the 2009 H1N1 has bumped H3N2 off as the major strain 
that circulates during seasonal flu.   
I appeared on CNN “The Lead”.   Interviewed by Joe Johns who was subbing for Jake 
Tapper.
Dec. 28, 2013 – Jan. 8, 2014 -  Children home for the holidays.   Unusual to have all 3 
together, particularly since Ali has been at Stanford.
Influenza activity (mostly H1N1) starting to crank up.   Have been on WTOP radio and 
Al Jazeera America TV talking about the seasonal flu.
Jan. 9, 2014 – Was on panel at The World Bank at 1818 H Street, N.W. to discuss Social 
and structural determinants to combat HIV/AIDS and poverty.   All the usual 
international AIDS players were there.
Jan. 10, 2014 – Went to White House for farewell reception for Grant N. Colfax, head of 
the Office of National AIDS policy (ONAP).   He had been at the job for 1 ½ years.   He 
is returning to be in San Francisco with his partner and family.   He is a good guy who 
did a good job.   During the speeches, he called me out as “a legend in HIV/AIDS” and 
said how wonderful it was to work with me.
Jan.14, 2014 – Seasonal influenza is beginning to peak and I am doing the usual media.  
Did FOX News.
Jan. 24 – Feb. 1, 2014 – Prince Mahidol Award – Bangkok.  See attachment for daily 
schedule:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 334 ---
332
Mahidol - Bangkok 
2014.doc
In summary, I received the 2013 Prince Mahidol Award in Medicine together with David 
Ho.   Peter Piot (Director, London School of Public Health and Hygiene) and Jim Yong 
Kim (President, World Bank) received the Prince Mahidol Award in Public Health.  It 
was a most extraordinary trip. We were hosted by the Royal Family of Thailand and we 
were afforded luxurious treatment. Indicative of this treatment was the fact that we were 
picked up at the airport in Bangkok by a representative of the royal family and was driven 
to our hotel with a double police escort. By double police escort I mean a motorcycle 
policeman leading the motorcade followed by a police car followed by a brand-new 
Mercedes which carried me, my wife Christine and Gray Handley, my associate director 
for global affairs, at NIAID. We spent an entire week in Thailand. The center of the 
activities was the award ceremony at the Palace of the royal family. The pomp and 
circumstance was most extraordinary. I received a gold medal and a check for $50,000 
from the Princess of Thailand. In addition to the extraordinary ceremony followed by a 
festive dinner at the Palace, we were treated to police escorted tours of several of the 
other palaces, the Emerald Buddha, as well as other historic places. In addition Chris and 
I and Gray toured the famous Thai canals on a boat as well as went to the major market in 
Bangkok, which is the largest open market in the world. Our hotel was lavish. I also did a 
considerable amount of work giving two official lectures, a panel discussion together 
with David Ho, Peter Piot, and Jim Kim, when he was present. Jim was only there for 
part of the time since he had just come back from Burma where, as President of the 
World Bank, he gave $2 billion to Burma. In addition, I visited this Siriraj hospital, the 
Thai Red Cross and anonymous clinic, the CDC facility, the Silom clinic, and other 
facilities (see attached agenda) where we discussed some of the NIAID sponsored clinical 
trials on HIV. Of particular interest was the study that was done in collaboration with the 
Armed Forces Research Institute of Medical Science (AFRIMS) on acute HIV infection. 
I met some outstanding people from the CDC including Mitchell Wolfe Tim Holtz and  
Marcel Curlin. In addition I was accompanied throughout the entire trip by Lieut. Col. 
Robert O'Connell. Rob works with Nelson Michael and Jerome Kim, is the liason to the 
US Embassy and was an extraordinary asset to the trip. Christine and I flew back and 
forth first class from Washington to London (United) and then from London to Bangkok 
(Thai Airways). There were many perks associated with the trip. One that stood out was 
the fact that the royal family arranged for Chris and I to have a professional Thai massage 
at the spa at Bangkok airport on our way home.  Of note was the fact that there was 
considerable political unrest in Thailand during our visit. I learned a lot about the 
political situation from observing and listening to my Thai colleagues. Apparently, the 
current Prime Minister (Yingluck Shinawatra)  is the sister of the recently deposed Prime 
Minister who is in exile. He was exiled because he of corruption (he paid off members of 
Parliament to support him). However, much of the Thai population at least in Bangkok 
and certainly among the academics, feels that his sister is merely an extension of him and 
although she was democratically elected, they feel that she should be put out of office and 
a special council run the country until the corruption is cleared up. This creates a 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 335 ---
333
considerable dilemma for the United States Embassy since they want to side with 
democracy; however, everyone knows that the democratically elected person is steeped in 
corruption. I actually wound up meeting the Prime Minister at the award ceremonies at 
the Royal Palace. There were several demonstrations while I was there in anticipation of 
the elections which took place after we left on February 2. The demonstrators wanted to 
block the election because they wanted to have reforms before the election. It is likely 
that the election will not come to majority vote and that a new government will have to 
be formed. There was a small amount of violence while I was there including someone 
throwing a hand grenade into a crowd of demonstrators as well as a person murdering 
one of the leaders of demonstrators. We were never in any danger as we were always 
accompanied by a police escort. I also learned a lot about Prince Mahidol, who was the 
father of the current king, who is very ill.   Prince Mahidol started off as a naval officer 
(trained in Germany, but then when he realized the poor health conditions in his country, 
he wanted to do something about it.   He wanted to learn Medicine first and so he went to 
Harvard Medical School and graduated cum laude.    He is considered the father of health 
care in his country. This was truly a memorable trip from so many standpoints.
Feb. 3, 2014 – Just back from Thailand and extremely jet-lagged and also somewhat ill 
with URI.  Probably got it form Chris who had been sick as well as the fact that I was 
travelling for over 24 hours in a plane.
     Did interview with Washingtonian magazine regarding my opinion of the movie 
“Dallas Buyer’s Club”, great movie starring Matthew McConaughey about an HIV-
infected individual in the early 1980s who did not want to take AZT because he felt that 
it was too toxic and started a buyer’s club to buy and sell unproven drugs.   Great 
performance (likely an Oscar – did win Golden Globe already).  They called me because 
I was there when it happened and also I was the one that started the AZT distribution 
system through a contract paid for by NIAID.
       Met in Building 10 with Sen. Durbin (D-IL) and then a separate meeting with 
Congressman Pitts (R-PA) regarding NIH accomlishments and implications of a bad 
budget.   Durbin is new Chair of the Defense Approp. Subcommittee and unfortunately 
he wants to get more money for biomedical research for Dod.   Menas well but does not 
appreciate that it may not be well-spent.
February 5, 2014 – went to the NIH FDA leadership Council meeting at the new FDA 
headquarters in Silver Spring. I presented the NIAID strategic approach towards 
antimicrobial resistance research. The FDA presentation was made by Dr. Peter Lurie. In 
attendance were Dr. Francis Collins, Dr. Peggy Hamburg, members of the FDA, as well 
as members of the NIH. This is an initiative in which we will be engaging industry in 
trying to get expedited approval for antibiotics against resistant organisms. 
February 7, 2014 – went to the American Society of Microbiology annual Public and 
Scientific Affairs Board meeting at their headquarters on 1752 – N Street, NW., 
Washington, DC.  I do this every year and update the group on activities of NIH and 
NIAID.  As usua,l my presentation was extremely well received by the group. These are 
people who are great supporters of me and my role as the director of and NIAID.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 336 ---
334
February 12, 2014 – attended another one of the extraordinary functions given by 
Kathryn and Wayne Reynolds Founders of the Academy of Achievement. It was a black-
tie affair honoring Penny Pritzker in an event sponsored not only by the Academy of 
Achievement, but also by Debbie and John Dingell, Elaine Chao, former secretary of 
Labor under Pres. George W Bush, as well as the ambassador of United Arab Emirates. It 
was the typical extraordinary dinner with the  AAA list of Washington DC. I had the 
opportunity to discuss in some detail with Colin Powell the possibility of my writing my 
book. He gave me some advice about whether or not to have someone who could assist 
me on the book versus writing the book by myself. I have become rather good friends 
with Gen. Powell over the years. Most recently I helped him out by giving him some 
advice about a relative who has advanced pancreatic cancer. At my table I sat down next 
to Elizabeth Sherwood-Randall who is the Special Assistant to Pres. Obama for national 
security affairs. In addition I sat down next to Linda Daschle wife of former Sen. Thomas 
Daschle whom I know every well from continually running into him on the C & O Canal 
when Christine and I and sometimes one or more of our dughters run along the canal. 
Tom is a regular on that trail and we run into him very often. Also at the dinner were a 
number of notables including Wolf Blitzer, Senator Markey and Holly Petraeus, wife of 
Gen. David Petraeus, Sen. Bill Frist, fomer Assistant Attorney General under Clinto – 
Jamie Gorelick, former Israel Prime Minister, Defense Minister and war hero Ehud 
Barak, and many, many others. Traditionally, at the end of these elegant dinners, Wayne 
and Catherine Reynolds surprise us with a mystery guest who provides entertainment. 
Tonight, the guest was the one and only Carole King who was one of my favorite 
songwriters and entertainers of all time. Carole sang a repertoire of her songs from her 
“Tapestry” album which, again, is among the best albums that I have ever listened to.  
Her performance literally brought me to tears. I had the opportunity to talk to Carole after 
her performance. Notably, she is from Brooklyn New York. We discussed our common 
Brooklyn heritage. I told her what I did vis-a-vis HIV/AIDS research, and she was 
extraordinarily gracious and thanking me for all of my good work. All in all another 
wonderful evening with the Reynolds group.  Of note, it began to snow as well we 
leaving the dinner and it turned into one of the worst snow storms (10 inches in DC) that 
we have had in years.   We got home OK, but the USG was closed the following day.
Feb. 18, 2014 – Received autographed “collector’s” copy of Colin Powell’s Book “It 
Worked For Me”.   He thanked me for being a great doctor and a good friend.
Feb. 19, 2014 – Gave major lecture on Emerging IDs at Georgetown.   After lecture, 
John Monahan is still trying to get me to consider with Jack DeGioia the possibility of 
coming to GT and getting involved with a Global Health Institute.   This could be 
something for me a few years from now.
Feb. 21, 2014 – Met here at NIH with John Bartrum of the House Appropriations 
Subcommittee Staff.   John is really a “mortal enemy” of Francis since John is trying to 
micromanage NIH from the Subcommittee and Francis has offended him in the past by 
doing things without giving him and the Committee a heads-up – ex:  dissolving NCRR; 
starting NCTAS, etc.   John used to be Chief Budget Officer at NIH under Elias Zerhouni 
and then for a while under Francis.   John loves me and I have no problem with the visit; 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 337 ---
335
however, Francis shunned him.   Issue is that John wrote into the report language of the 
NIH appropriations that we should have a “strategic plan” and Francis refuses to do a top 
down plan. Francis is completely correct on this, but he should compromise and agree on 
a “communications plan” since that is all the Committee wants is a document to refer 
constituents to when they inquire about what NIH is doing and why.
Feb. 24, 2014 – Did the “Nifty-Fifty” talk at Montgomery-Blair High School in Silver 
Spring.   Great group of kids with many questions and interest.   I spoke on my career in 
public service at NIH.
Sen. Mikulshy visited NIH and gave “pep talk” about the budget.
Feb. 25, 2014 – Went to NYC for the day to the DDCF Board meeting.   Always like this 
– seeing Nan Koehane, Jim Gill, Ed Henry, Peter Nadoscy, John Zuccotti et al.  
Someday, I might even be able to take the honorarium 
Feb. 26, 2014 – Dinner with Larry Corey at Cesco Osteria in Bethesda.   Extremely cold 
streak of weather in DC over past few weeks.  We spoke of Larry concern about DAIDS, 
the vaccine program, esp. Mary Marovich, whom he feels is a poor substitute for Peggy 
Johnston.   I am also hearing this from Gepi.  They worry that Mary and her staff have no 
leadership and cannot make decisions.   Feel that they do not represent me well as did 
Peggy.
Feb. 27, 2014 – Break-in at my house.  Stole only change on my dresser and Euros in my 
drawer (~$200 worth).   Looks like inside job of someone who had key.   Perhaps one of 
many people that we had lent the key to over the years.   Have now changed lock on front 
door.   They likely exited out back (porch) door since this was unlocked when I came 
home at night.
Feb. 28, 2014 – CROI meeting coming up next week and a few paper out in NEHM.   
Many print media interviews on CCR5 gene editing.
March 4, 2014 – Gave Keynote Lecture at Global Vaccine and Immunization Research 
Forum at the Bethesda Hyatt Hotel.  Big audience of Decade of the Vaccine crowd, i.e. 
GAVI, BMGF, WHO, etc.   Well-received. 
Much press associated with CROI meeting and new baby cure questions and Carl June 
gene editing for CCR5.
Jim Lehrer (Newshour) contacted me for advice about his granddaughter Olivia who has 
juvenile idiopathic arthritis.   I spoke with him and his wife Kate and made some 
recommendations and just chatted with them about the disease.   Jim was very grateful.  
Diane Rehm had originally suggested to Jim that he contact me.
March 5, 2014 – Lunch at Bethesda Hyatt with Margaret Chan, Director General of 
WHO.   Margaret is old friend since mid-1990s with the original H5N1 situation in Hong 
Kong where she was Commissioner of Health at the time.   Pleasant wide-ranging 
discussions.  Present were Lee Hall, Hilary Marston, and a couple of people from WHO.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 338 ---
336
March 6, 2014 – Much, much media today surrounding a NEJM paper on CCR5 (see 
above – Carl June’s paper) as well as a second baby who might be cured as well as 
monkey studies on long-acting PreP (David Ho).  I was on WTOP; ABC Morning News 
(bumped because of Ukraine-Russia crisis, but likely will be shown this weekend); 
NewsHour with Jeff Green; NPR- All Things Considered – Audie Cornish; Al Jazeera; 
VOA; tomorrow we do MSNBC and NPR Science Friday with Ira Flatow.  Also, 
multiple printed press including NY Times.
March 7, 2014 – The Dalai Lama visited NUH and I went to hear him speak at the 
Natcher Auditorium.   I could barely understand what he was saying due to his strong 
accent and bad acoustics.   However, he won everyone over with his smile and infectious 
laugh.
March 10, 2014 – Appeared on NPR “On Point” talking about the recent AIDS stories. 
(see above).
March 13, 2014 – Salim (“Slim”) Abdool Karim visited from Sotuh Afrtica at my 
invitation to deliver the John la Montagne Lecture in the Lipsett Auditorium.  Slim had 
take the job as the Director of the South Africa MRC to essentially shake up the place 
and fire a bunch of dea wood.   He took the job on a contingency that he would leave is 2 
years.   He has done a great job of “cleaning up”.  He will be replaced by another friend, 
i.e. Glenda Gray.
March 14, 2014 – Spoke with Rick Atkinson today to update him on the progress of my 
memoirs and to ask his advice about whether I should engage Bob Barnett for advice 
about the legality of my writing my memoirs while I am a USG worker.   Recall that Bob 
Barnett has offered to be my agent when I write my book.   He offered to do this years 
ago.
March 20, 2014 -  Received horrible news tonight at around 9:30 PM from Howard 
Boltansky who called my cell phone.   My dear friend and physician for 16 years, David 
Jacobs died suddenly in Las Vegas today where he was with his brother to watch the 
NCAA Tournament (March Madness).   David had shown me an MRI of his abdomen.   
About 6 years ago he was struck by a car while running his daily run down by the Mall.   
He got badly bruised up, but there was no concussion and so other ‘apparent” injuries 
exception getting banged up badly.   About 6 months later on a routine medical 
examination and MRI, they found a major tear the length of the aorta with clotted blood 
stably keeping everything in place.   Amazingly, his renal vessels and femoral arteries 
were being perfused, but the tear and clot was extensive.   Clearly, this happened at the 
time of the accident.   He had gone to several vascular surgical consultants who told him 
that this was not repairable and that if they attempted to repair it, he had a very high 
likelihood of dying on the OR table.   They told him that he could live 30 years or he 
could die suddenly at any time.   No way to predict and so he has lived with this hanging 
over him.   In my conversations with his, he was always in good spirits and seemed to 
accept the risk.   Unfortunately, this has happened.   I am terribly saddened.   I loved 
David and he took such good care of me.   I had trained him when he was an NIAID 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 339 ---
337
Clinical Associate and he turned into a superb physician.   I will miss him.   I will go to 
his funeral on Sunday, March 23.   I am somewhat saddened that I did not call him when 
I had gotten the urge to do so just a week or so ago.   And so now I am calling some of 
my friends who I worry about.   I e-mailed Alec Whyte and called Jim Dickson and Larry 
Kramer (see below)
March 21, 2014 - Larry Kramer is back in Village Care Rehabilitation and Nursing 
Center  at 214 West Houston Street, NYC.   I called him to see how he is doing.   He is 
very week, but according to his aide (John), he is re-gaining strength now that they have 
put him on Ritalin and testosterone patches.   His major problems are the abdominal mess 
that was put in following his liver transplant.   It is causing him intestinal obstruction and 
dysfunction problems.   Also, he has stents in his ureters due to kidney and ureteral 
stones.
March 22, 2014 – Went to Regis High School today (Saturday) to give Lecture as part of 
a series of lectures celebrating the Centennial of Regis.   I spoke of my career as a public 
servant at NIH as a journey from Regis High School to Washington, D.C.   Mostly 
alumni in audience.  They gave me a prolonged standing ovation.  Great trip with much 
déjà vu, especially seeing the old narrow basketball court where we used to practice and 
play our Freshman games.
March 23, 2014 – Went to David Jacobs funeral at the Judean Gardens Memorial Chapel 
and Cemetery in Olney.   I realize now how much I liked and even loved David.   Very 
sad.
March 24, 2014 – Visited Bob Barnett at his office at Williams & Connelly at 725 – 12th 
Street, N.W. to discuss my proposed memoirs.  He said that I could not write it and 
publish it while still a government worker.   Even if the General Counsel of HHS gave 
me permission, he would not recommend my doing it since the appearance would trigger 
my “enemies” to come after me.   I am such a public figure, that I almost certainly have 
“enemies”.   What was disturbing in the conversation was that he felt that as important as 
I am and as compelling is my story, “AIDS books do not sell; they depress people”.   He 
cited the Elton John book that he was involved in.   Bob said sarcastically: “It sold 12 
copies”.   He said I would have to find a “hook” for the book that would sell it.  He also 
disappointed me by saying that if I wanted to write a book, right before I left the 
government, I should get myself on TV a lot so that people can be reminded of whom I 
am similar to the Anthrax days.   He also said that I should not be writing the entire book 
before signing a deal.   I should write a proposal and get and editor since publishers 
would not want to read an entire book.   Apart from the Legal/ethical issues, which I will 
check out further, I disagreed with virtually everything that he said, but was very 
courteous and thanked him without disagreeing.   He brought into the session, his 
associate – Deneen Powell, an attractive, young African-American lawyer.   
    I called up Rick Atkinson and told him about my visit with Bob and Rick suggested 
that I speak with Bill Shultz, General Counsel from HHS.   Like me, Rick disagreed with 
everything he said in the editorial sphere.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 340 ---
338
Was on WTOP for the NYC measles outbreak.
March 25, 2014 – Appeared on Diane Rehm Show on WMAU with Anne Ginsberg and 
…. To discuss TB for World TB day.
March 26, 2014 – Testified at the House Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing with 
Francis Collins, Harold Varmus, Story Landis, Gary Gibbons.   Chairman Kingston 
stayed for 10 minutes and then handed Chair to Dr. Andy Harris (R-MD).   Harris 
questioned me on why we are spending so much money on AIDS given the decreased 
deaths compared to diabetes, CVD, cancer, etc.   I explained that we are still in the 
middle of a pandemic.
 Appeared on Al Jazeera regarding Ebola in Guinea.
March 27, 2014 – Dennis Kasper flew in from Boston to work for 2 hours with me on 
preparing me to present his NAS nomination.
Met with Debbie Birx who is waiting for Senate Approval for head of PEPFAR (OGAC).   
To my dismay, the White House has not submitted her to the Senate for final approval.   
She has already had her hearing and did very well.
April 1, 2014 – Ebola still raging in Guinea.  Appeared on BBC TV with Katty Kay to 
discuss as well as BBC radio to discuss pandemics and gave interview with SLATE 
Magazine on Antimicrobial Resistance
April 2, 2014 – testified at the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing in 192 
Dirksen Building.   Witnesses were Francis Collins, me, Harold Varmus, Gary Gibbons, 
Story Landis and Chris Austin.   Chaired for last time (historic) by Sen. Tom Harken (D-
IO).   I have been testifying before Sen. Harken for every one of the 25 years that he has 
been in the Senate as a member, Chair, or Ranking Minority of this committee.  Present 
were Sen. Mikulski, Shelby (ranking minority of full committee), Moran (R-KS).   It was 
a love fest for NIH, but there is not going to be any new money for NIH (~0.7% increase 
over 2014) because of budget constraints on discretionary spending.
April 3, 2014 – Nice visit from Paul Huijts – Director General for Public Health in The 
Netherlands.   He is very interested in antimicrobial resistance.   We in USA and NIH are 
accelerating our efforts in this area due to increasing concern over this emerging problem.
April 8, 2014 – Went to Princeton for the day to give “Public Lecture” at the Woodrow 
Wilson School of Public and International Affairs.  Invited by Dean Cecilia Elena Rouse 
(formerly with Hillary Clinton).   Met with students (lunch), chaperoned by Adel 
Mahmoud, gave lecture on pandemic influenza preparedness with many questions.   
Good visit.   Ran into my old high school friend and college roommate – Lou LoBosco.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 341 ---
339
April 9, 2014 – Larry Corey flew in from Seattle to see me.   He is still dissatisfied with 
Mary Marovich – Vaccine person at DAIDS.   He feels she cannot make a decision and 
shows no leadership.
April 14, 2014 – Continued smoldering of cases of Ebola in Guinea (and spread to 
Liberia) has sustained media interest.   I appeared on NBC Nightly News for this tonight 
April 15, 2014 - I appeared on WTOP radio for MERS-CoV and Ebola
April 17, 2014 – Went to Harvard School of Public Health to appear on their web 
broadcast of “Senior Leadership Series”.   Nice experience.   Hosted by David Hunter 
and Dean Julio Frenk present.   Many good questions about my accomplishments and 
leadership style.  Broadcast on web throughout the world.
April 18-24, 2014 – Preparing by phone with Bart Haynes and Dennis Kasper, whom I 
am presenting for nomination for National Academy of Sciences next week.
April 24, 2014 – Went to private dinner at café Milano to celebrate swearing in 
tomorrow of Deborah Birx as Ambassador in charge of PEPFAR.
April 25, 2014 – Swearing in of Deb Birx at Franklin Room of the State Department.   
Big crowd and festivity.
Immediately after swearing in, went to PAHO (a block away) to give talk at the 10th 
Anniversary of the Sabin Vaccine Institute.   Many old friends there – Peter Hotez, D.A. 
Henderson, Ciro deQuadros, etc.
April 26, 2014 – Went to Chicago to deliver after dinner speech at the AAP Dinner at the 
Fairmont Hotel.   AAP President Larry Jamison invited me.   Spoke on The HIV/AIDS 
Saga:   Science and Policy”.   Spoke of my experience with 5 Presidents.   Big hit.
April 28, 2014 – Went to NAS meeting at Fairmont Hotel in DC to defend Haynes and 
Kasper for membership.   Response to them (in voting) was only fair to good.
April 30, 2014 – Spoke at amfAR event at Kennedy Caucus Room at Senate Russell 
Building.   Big affair.   Sen. Harkin praised me; Kenneth Cole (fashion designer) 
introduced me. Many people there:  Douglas Brooks (new head of ONAP); Jim Kim 
(World Bank); Paul Farmer was interviewed on stage by Judy Woodruff (NewsHour).
May 2, 2014 – Still smoldering concern about MERS-CoV with 1st USA imported case 
from Saudi Arabia to Indianapolis.   I appeared on Fox5 TV and AP TV.
May 3, 2014 – Big social day.   White House Correspondence Brunch at Katherine 
graham’s old house at 2920 R Street, N.W. hosted by Tammy Haddad, Steve and Jean 
case, etc.   Many, many celebrities. Had fun with cast of “House of Cards”, particularly 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 342 ---
340
Sebastian Arcelus who plays Lucas Goodwin on the show.   Very nice guy.   His wife 
(Stephanie Block) was very taken up by the fact that I worked on HIV/AIDS.
That evening attended White House Correspondence Dinner as gust of AP (Cynthia 
Sharp).   Much fun.   President Obama was hilarious as was comedian Joel McHale.   
Great evening.
May 8, 2014 – First MERS-CoV case in Lebanon.  Total numbers up to 495 with 141 
deaths.   I appeared on CNN International tonight.
May 10. 2014 – Elizabeth Sherwood-Randall (National Security Staff, White House and 
Special Assistant to the President, Coordinator  for Defense Policy, Countering WMD, 
and Arms Control had met me at a Wayne and Catherine Reynolds function some time 
ago and took the initiative to invite Chris and me for dinner at her home at 4920 Indian 
Lane, N.W. her husband Jeff is a neurosurgeon in Bay Area near SF.   He is on faculty at 
USCF.   Children (Richard and William go to STA and heard my recent lecture there).   
Also at dinner was Al Hunt (Bloomberg News – wife Judy Woodruff could not attend – 
was giving Commencement Address at Alleghany College).   Also present was  Diana 
Farrell (recently Deputy Director, National Economic Council at White House and 
currently CEO of Kinsey. Inc.).   Very pleasant and fun evening.
May 14, 2014 – Yesterday was 2nd imported case of MERS-CoV from Saudi Arabia – a 
health worker at a Saudi hospital.   Went from Ryaad to London to Boston to Atlanta to 
Orlando.
Went to University of Pennsylvania to give the 12th Annual Neal Nathan son Lecture on 
“Ending the HIV/AIDS Pandemic:   From Scientific Advances to Public Health 
Implementation”.   Spent whole day meeting with people many old friends – George 
Shaw, Beatrice Hahn, Larry Jameson.   Megan had just decided last week to go to Penn, 
having also been accepted to Cornell, Columbia, Michigan, Hopkins, among others.   
Penn p [people are excited about Megan coming there.   Had dinner at great restaurant 
(Bukkadan) in Philly before taking 9:10 PM Amtrak back to DC
Did radio interview on new Guidelines for PrEP  with CBS Radio in Men’s room of the 
30th Street Station in Philadelphia while I was waiting for the 9:10 PM train back to DC.
May 15, 2014 – More MERS cases.   Did CNN with Jake Tapper at 4:30 PM on the  
issuance by CDC of Level 2 alert for travelers to mid-East and airport alerts to pilots to 
report people with fevers and illness on mid-east flights.   HHS now becoming more 
flexible in not giving us grief about being on TV for issues that they inappropriately think 
are CDC topics.   CNN specifically said they wanted me and NOT CDC.
May 16, 2014 – Did Al Jazeera TV on recent CDC guidelines for PrEP.   I am becoming 
“the darling” of Al Jazeera.  Producers really like my style and they keep coming to me.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 343 ---
341
May 18, 2014 – First transmission of infection (sero-conversion) from the Indiana 
imported case to someone who had “handshake” contact.   Again, news blow up.   I taped 
segment for the Today Show (NBC) to appear on May 19.
May 19, 2014 – MSNBC wants me this AM.   Return of the “problem”.   CDC 
complaining to HHS that I am on TV for MERS-CoV even though the producers are 
specifically asking for me.  They do not want me talking about “their issue”.   Amazing!! 
Typical situation where HHS says no to me, MSNBC cannot contact CDC and arrange in 
time and so now nobody from HHS is on TV and the slot goes to a health official from 
Illinois.   The communications people from HHS are truly idiots to listen to CDC and 
back them.   Courtney Billet blows HHS (Bill Hall, Sye Tait, Ira ?) away with several e-
mails telling them how ridiculous this approach is.   CDC is totally paranoid.   I really 
wonder if Tom Frieden knows about this or if it is just the Communications people.
Also did AP TV today for wide distribution to networks.
Also, White House very interested in Antimicrobial Resistance and they are putting 
together a White paper through NSS, PCAST, OSTP.   We are obviously playing role in 
its being drawn up
May 20, 2014 – Travelled to Los Angeles to receive the “Heroes in the Struggle” award 
from the Black AIDS Institute (BAI).   Phill Wilson (President of the BAI) presided.   
Co-awardees were Mo’Nique (actress/comedian who won Academy Award in 2009 for 
Acting in the film “Precious”) and Jamar Rogers (entertainer formerly on The Voice). 
Red Carpet ceremony before the awards held at the Director’s Guild of America on 
Sunset Boulevard.   Jamal Rogers was a beautiful young man who was so thankful to me 
for “my saving his life by developing drugs for AIDS”.   He found out he was HIV 
infected (drug use in the South Bronx) a few years ago.   He is a very popular entertainer 
with beautiful voice.  All-around good time.   Stayed at the old Hollywood hotel – 
Millennium Biltmore. 
May 21, 2014 – Went to Thai Embassy on 1024 Wisconsin Avenue to a reception in my 
honor and in honor of co-awardee Jim Kim (World Bank President) for our winning the 
Prince Mahidol Award last January.   Megan and Christine came.   Of note, the next day, 
the Thai army pulled a military coup to take over the government of Thailand.
May 22, 2014 – Gave Commencement Address at Hopkins Medical School and then 
drove immediately back from Baltimore to attend the Sons of Italy NELA Awards Gala 
Dinner at the National Building Museum.   Usual good time.   Seated at my table was 
Leon Panetta, Gen. James Jones, Franco Nuschese.  Also we schmoozed with General 
Ray Odierno (Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff), Nancy Pelosi, Sen. Chris Dodd 
(now president of Motion Picture Academy), Master of Ceremonies Joe Montegna.
May 25, 2014 – The HBO movie “The Normal Heart” played tonight.  Larry Kramer’s 
play about the early years of AIDS.   I say the play X2 and now the movie was terrific.   
Mark Ruffalo played Ned Weeks and Julia Roberts played the polio physician.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 344 ---
342
May 28, 2014 – Gave the John E. Enders Lecture at Boston Children’s Hospital/Harvard 
Medical School.  Great audience, SRO.  Extremely well-received.   Spent entire day 
meeting with faculty and students.   They are so young, I feel like some historic figure to 
them. Some were not even born yet when the AIDS epidemic was recognized in 1981.  I 
spoke on “Ending the HIV/AIDS Pandemic:   From Scientific Advances to Public health 
Implementation”.   Went up the night before and had dinner with Jenny in the North End.   
She is doing great.   Just finished the first year of her 6 year Ph.D program at Boston 
College in Clinical Psychology.   Had tough year following her bicycle accident that 
resulted in a severe concussion.  Recovery had been slow, but she is much improved now 
with some residual headaches.
May 30 – June 1, 2014 – Went to Indianapolis to watch Ali row for Stanford Varsity 1 
boat in the NCAA Women’s crew Championship Tournament.   Went with Chris and 
Megan and met Jenny coming from Boston at the Indianapolis Airport.   Stanford and Ali 
have been amazing this year.  Stanford was not expected to get to NCAA tournament, yet 
they won the “Big Row” against arch-rival Cal-Berkeley.   Then they won the PAC-12 
Tournament and now they are in NCAA.   Ali was selected as the Scholar-Athlete of the 
Year in the PAC-12 for Women’s Crew!!   This is huge since she was first among all 
women crew members in the PAC-12.  She had the highest GPA (4.05) of all athletes in 
any sport in the PAC-12.  Also, she was chosen for the 3rd year in a row as the first team 
Academic All-PAC-12 team. She also was voted as “most inspirational” by her team 
mates  In the NCAA tournament they won the semi-finals by 4/100ths of a second.  Had a 
somewhat disappointing Grand Finals Race coming out 6th in the race (started off slow 
and could not catch up) and 4th overall for the tournament.  Ali was obviously 
disappointed, but what a year she had!
June 3, 2014 – Together with Robin Robinson, I briefed Senate HELP staff (Harkin, 
Alexander, Burr, etc.) on MERS.   Did it is the Dirksen Building.
June 9, 2014 – Partook in CSIS conference on TB at their headquarters at 1616 Rhode 
Island Avenue, N.W.   Good symposium.  Shared panel with my dear friend Eric Goosby
June 12, 2014 – Went to San Francisco to give Grand Rounds at Moffett (invited by 
Marcia Glass (Kat Glass’s sister).  Timed the trip to coincide with Ali’s graduation from 
Stanford on June 13-15.   Great time; extremely well-received by UCSF community.   
Visited with Eric Goosby, Jaime Sepulveda and others from UCSF; spent time with 
students and fellows.
Chris and Megan flew to SF with me – I went north to UCSF and they went south to Palo 
Alto.   That evening met in SF for dinner.   Great time.   Drove back to Palo Alto that 
night
June 13-15, 2014 – Magnificent time at Stanford graduation events.   Ali received 
multiple academic honors in addition to sports honors.   Graduated “with distinction” , 
which means summa cum laude.  Also, received Engineering Award and inducted into 
School of Engineering Honor Society.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 345 ---
343
Socially, had great time.   Dinner at NOLA sponsored by Chris and me and the parents of 
several of the seniors on Ali’s boat – Ad Bax, Dawson’s, etc..   Present at dinner were all 
the seniors on the boat – Anna Dawson (Olympian), Daphne Martschenko (All-
American), Kayla Cornale, Christina Bax, etc.  Wonderful, joyous meal.
On Thursday night Chris, Jenny, Megan, Ali and I drove to Half Moon Bay and had 
dinner at Miramar Restaurant by the sea – open pit fireplace and dining by the beach - 
great wine, calamari, etc.   Seems not to get any better than this – so wonderfully proud 
of Ali who is truly a superstar – self-effacing, but a real superstar.
Has another great lunch with the Ayers on Sunday afternoon before I took the “red-eye” 
back to DC.   
The formal graduation on Sunday had Bill and Melinda Gates as co-commencement 
speakers.   They were good , but a bit self-congratulatory.   I viewed the famous Stanford 
“Wacky Walk” entrance of the seniors.   Ali and friends were dressed as “cars”.  Really 
fun.
June 24-25, 2014 – Went to Aspen Ideas Festival.   Gave 2 minute “Big Idea “during 
Opening Ceremony and was on panel on Emerging IDs with Tom Frieden and Yu Wang 
of China CDC.   Moderated by Rich Besser (ABC News).   Good panel.  Many 
compliments for this and Big Idea.   Met the usual DC glitterati at the festival – Walter 
Isaacson, Barbara Bush, Bill Frist, Corby Kumar, etc.
June 29, 2014 –  Interesting spin-off of my “Big Idea” at the Aspen Ideas Festival.   My 
idea was that we can end the AIDS pandemic in 10 years (by 2024 – theme of festival – 
global health by 2024 and we were asked what single thing (big idea) do  we think would 
greatly influence global health by 2024).   Gov. Andrew Cuomo has stated that he wants 
to end the AIDS pandemic in NY State in 6 to 10 years.   The NY Times wrote this up in 
the Sunday Times and quoted me since the reporter had heard about my Big Idea from 
the Aspen Festival.   The article had me praising Gov. Cuomo and my saying that NY 
could be a model for the rest of the country.
July 3, 2014 – The Ebola outbreak in Guinea, Sierra-Leone and Liberia is getting out of 
control.   Latest number are 759 cases and 476 deaths (63% fatality) making this the 
largest outbreak of Ebola on record.   Net highest was in 2000 in Uganda with ~400 
cases.  Major concern since it is now spreading in the cities of these countries and the 
population is not cooperating in containing it by ignoring the recommendations about 
how to handle patients and dead bodies.   Also, major ignorance causing population to 
attack and stone doctors and nurses from Doctors without Borders and WHO, saying that 
there is a conspiracy on the part of the government to deplete the population.
I appeared on CNN today to discuss the situation.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 346 ---
344
July 4-8, 2014 – Interesting 4th of July weekend.  Found out from Deb Persaud and 
Hannah Gay that the “Mississippi baby” rebounded at 27 months following D/Cing of 
ART.   Baby is 46 months old.   Unfortunately,  so much for the “cure” baby.   We are 
sequencing the virus now to determine if this is not a “new” infection, i.e. abuse from an 
HIV-infected person.   More on this later.
Also, heard (and spent many hours on conference calls) that an FDA employee who was 
cleaning out a cold room in Building 29A (FDA building on NIH campus) found a 
cardboard box that contained 6 glass undisturbed vials labelled “variola”.  Likely there 
unnoticed since the 1950s.   CDC and FBI notified.   Good news is that leaks did not 
occur and within a couple of days, the CDC came up to NIH, area secured by FBI, and 
material flown down to CDC  on FBI plane.   Examined there by Select Agent people and 
PCR’d to confirm smallpox.   Will determine if viable within 1 week and will be 
destroyed as witnessed by WHO.   Technically, the presence of this material in Building 
29A was a violation of an international agreement to destroy all smallpox samples except 
for 2 aliquots kept at CDC and at VICTOR in Russia. 
July 9, 2014 – PCR confirms that the Mississippi Baby has indeed rebounded with virus 
at 16,000 and 10,000 copies RNA per ml.  Baby has been off cART for 27 months and is 
46 months of age.   Disappointing, but raises many questions.   The baby had no 
detectable immune response for these many months.   Since the virus was obviously there 
in a reservoir somewhere, what then was the mechanisms that was preventing it from 
rebounding.   Will hold press conference with Deb Persaud, Hannah Gay, and Katherine 
Luzuriaga on Thursday  (tomorrow).
Had interesting rounds today to see our first patient (Phil Diers) that received an 
allogeneic PBMC transfer from a HLA-B27 HIV-infected Elite Controller donor.   
Recipient has CD4+ T cell count of 0-4 and >150,000 copies of HIV on cART (resistant 
virus).   Hope is that the immune response of donor cells will impact in some way the 
infected cells of the recipient.   More to come.   Way out chance of a graft versus infected 
cell effect that might eliminate reservoir (too much to ask for).   See picture below of me 
on Rounds the day after the allogeneic transfer.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 347 ---
345
July 10, 2014 – Press briefing with Deb, Hannah and Katherine today (Thursday – 
thunderstorms).  Followed by major press that appeared tonight and tomorrow (July 11) 
with my quoted or appearing on TV or radio tonight or tomorrow:
AP TV that subcontracted to BBC TV seen  in Italy by Bruce Gellin (sent me e-mail); 
CBS Evening News
July 11, 2014 – Front page NY Times and Washington Post.  My picture and front page 
LA Times; Wall Street Journal, USA Today and all major print papers and many, many 
blogs including CNN
BBC Radio; BBC TV; NewsHour with Jeff Borwn; VOA, Reuter’s TV, NPR.   
I make the point that this is disappointing and not a “setback” since we are still in the 
early discovery phase of cure research and this is what happens when you are in this 
stage.
July 13, 2014 – Had conference call today on Sunday with Francis Collins and Tom 
Frieden of the CDC. Tom has a significant problem in that they have been multiple lapses 
at the CDC with people not adhering to protocol in the experiment with a transfer of 
select agents such as anthrax,  Brucella and influenza. He wanted to run this by Francis 
and me so that the NIH and CDC could be on the same page. We had the problem 
described above with the smallpox discovery in a cold room in building 29a and so his 
issue and ours are somewhat aligned. He is under pressure to decrease the number of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 348 ---
346
investigators throughout the country who are working with select agents. The rationale 
for this is the fact that if the CDC could make mistakes like this, then virtually anyone 
can. This is aligning with the issue of many people wanting to put a clamp on gain of 
function research, particularly with influenza. More to come.
July 14, 2014 – More press on Mississippi Baby (Al Jazeera TV) as well as fluff over the 
WHO coming out with recommendation that MSM who practice unsafe sex should take 
PrPE (Truvada).   Press misinterpreted this (partly fault of WHO) to mean that all gay 
men should be on Truvada as PrEP.  I had to clarify this on Al Jazeera and in the NY 
Times (article soon to appear).
Preparing to go to Melbourne for the IAS International AIDS meeting.
July 16, 2014 – The situation is heating up considerably with regard to the three 
infractions that have occurred in HHS concerning potentially lethal microbes. The first 
was the finding of the smallpox vials in the FDA building (29A) on the NIH campus. The 
next was the egregious dysfunction of the teams involved in dealing with selective select 
agent research down at the CDC and third was the contamination at the CDC of a highly 
pathogenic influenza virus (H5N1) with a nonpathogenic influence virus (H7N9). This 
has been all over the media in a very intense way. The White House as well as the 
Department of Health and Human Services is involved.  Francis Collins and I received a 
letter from Nobel laureates Paul Berg and Richard Roberts to discuss how we might 
address this escalating issue. They have been consistently against gain-of-function 
research, especially on influenza.  In addition Francis and I together with Peggy Hamburg 
and Tom Frieden were called to a meeting this evening at HHS with Secretary Sylvia 
Burwell to discuss the HHS plan as well as the fact that Sylvia will be meeting with the 
POTUS on Friday, July 18 to discuss the matter and she needed to be briefed by us. I 
have suggested to Francis and he agrees that we call a temporary moratorium on all gain 
of function research on influenza and the MERS virus involving increasing pathogenesis 
and increasing transmissibility by the respiratory route. Also, Francis and I brought up 
(clearly my idea for some time now) to re-invigorate the NSABB and get them much 
more in the mix of recommendations and involvement.  We had a good meeting with 
Sylvia Burwell in her office tonight that lasted from 7 PM to 9 PM. Francis and I will be 
talking over the phone tomorrow with Richard Roberts and Paul Berg about a plan for the 
future. Also, today Barry Bloom called me from the Harvard School of Public Health to  
ask whether or not he could help us in addressing this new and emerging political 
problem. In addition,  I received a call from Michael Osterholm to warn me, as he is often 
doing, that there will be problems “for me” that he wants to help. I get concerned when 
Michael wants to “help” me.   He generally gets hysterical about microbial threats and 
loves to be in the press.
July 17, 2014 – Francis Collins and I had conference call with Richard Roberts and Marc 
Lipsitch regarding the above issues.  Great conversation.  We told them that changes 
were going to occur and that we cannot give details, but we are going to look carefully at 
all the issues.  In particular, I told them that we were going to re-examine the risk/benefit 
ratio of doing gain-of-function research in influenza, in particular.  They were pleased.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 349 ---
347
July 17 – July 23, 2014 – Attended the 2014 International AIDS Society Meeting in 
Melbourne, Australia. Before I left, I became aware of a terrible tragedy that had 
occurred on July 17 the day that I left the NIH to travel to Melbourne. Malaysian Airlines 
flight 17 from Amsterdam to Melbourne via Kuala Lumpur was shot down by a surface 
to air missile likely fired by Ukrainian separatists/terrorists. This was to totally dominate 
the international news over the next days to weeks.  I was quoted in most outlets.   297 
people were killed including over 100 Dutch.  Lost on the flight were six individuals who 
were flying to the meeting that I attended. Prominent among them was my longtime 
friend Joep Lange an Infectious Diseases/AIDS researcher from Amsterdam  and his wife 
Jacqueline van Tongeren. In addition, well-known public health advocate and WHO 
spokesman Glenn Thomas and AIDS action group activist Martíne De Shutter were also 
on the plane in addition to AIDS activist Pim deKuijer and Dr. Lucie van Mens. I gave a 
number of media interviews discussing the terrible tragedy and the loss of our colleagues. 
This appeared in multiple media outlets. In particular, I was interviewed by David 
Gregory on Meet the Press on Sunday, July 20. The topic of the interview was the mood 
of the meeting and some personal reflections on Joep Lange. 
 My Plenary Lecture was extremely well received and from my own vibrations of how 
the audience reacted, as well as how I felt, it clearly was one of the best lectures that I 
had given. The subject of the lecture with the scientific challenges of an HIV Cure and an 
HIV vaccine. There were a number of events of note throughout the meeting. 
Saturday, July 19 – Stayed at Crown Metropol Hotel (very elegant – on of nicest and 
most confortable hotels on all my international trips).  I attended a dinner at a place called 
Rasheen which is an old and historic building in Melbourne that was formerly the 
residence of the Archbishop of Melbourne.  The dinner was given by the Pratt foundation 
and the host was Ambassador John Berry, the United States ambassador to Australia. 
With him was his husband Curtis. I have to leave towards the end of the dinner in order 
to give an interview live on WTOP radio that was broadcast back in Washington. The 
interview was about the plane tragedy.  
Sunday, July 20 - I made a presentation on TB HIV followed by a panel discussion at 
the Crown Promenade Hotel where I was staying during the meeting. In addition, on that 
Sunday I made some opening remarks at a Point of Care Symposium that discussed rapid 
point of care diagnostics for viral load. That evening I went to the Opening Session of the 
conference which was really not very well done since there were many boring speeches. I 
had to leave towards the end in order to do the taped version for Meet the Press. Of note, 
Melbourne is 14 hours ahead of Washington DC. Therefore, even though I taped the 
Meet the Press session on what was Sunday evening in Melbourne, it was actually early 
morning in Washington DC. Went to Global Leaders reception at The Cargo Hall on the 
Wharf after the Opening Ceremony
 Monday, July 21 -  I gave my plenary lecture. In addition I did a filming in celebration 
of the opening of the Doherty Institute for Infection and Immunity. This is an Institute 
named after Peter Doherty, the Nobel prize-winning Australian immunologist. Peter was 
the other speaker at my symposium earlier that day. On Monday night I went to a 
reception at the Red Desert Dreaming Art Gallery at the Hilton Hotel. The reception was 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 350 ---
348
co-sponsored by CSIS with Stephen Morrison, together with Amb. John Berry. That 
night on Monday, July 21, I went to dinner with Mark Dybul at the Spice Temple 
Restaurant along the wharf. We discussed broad aspects of the AIDS pandemic and I 
came up with an interesting idea of providing resources to do phenotypic tracing of virus 
in hotspots in various regions including southern Africa and Washington DC. The 
purpose of the phenotypic tracing of viral transmissions was to determine if you test and 
treat and completely control the epidemic in any given region or location, would virus 
spill over back into that region and if so could one trace where it was coming from. This 
has particular relevance with regard to whether or not we would truly be able to end the 
AIDS pandemic and if we do would, we be able to end it in one region at the same time 
that it is raging in another region. I will go back to Washington and discuss with Carl 
Dieffenbach the possibility of funding such studies. 
Tuesday, July 22, 2014 – I did a Voice of America panel at the Convention Center on 
HIV AIDS stigma which was in association with a documentary film that was narrated by 
Elton John. I had a number of other meetings that dayincluding with Wayne Koff who 
tried to convince me to give major support of NIAID to his “Human Vaccines Project”, 
which I am very skeptical about since it smacks of the old HIV Vaccine Enterprise.   The 
latter was nothing more than a time sink.   I was straight with Wayne and told him of my 
skepticism.  I told him that I would watch to unfolding of the “project”, but I cannot lend 
NIAID support at this time since I do not know what “it” really is and I really do not see 
any purpose for it.   He understood, but he needs NIAID support for it to work.   We left 
it amicably.
 Of particular note was a reception at the Club 23 in the Crown Towers Southbank of the 
Crown Hotel. The reception was hosted by the Kirby Institute and discussed the Test and 
Treat in Indonesia concept which Cliff Lane and I had been working with and have 
convinced the Minister of Health Dr. Mboi of Indonesia to go ahead with the study. In 
her remarks at the reception, Minister Mboi credited me with this idea and said it would 
not have happened had I not brought it up to her. This was very nice of her. On Tuesday 
evening we had the international AIDS Society Dinner at this Stokehouse City 
Restaurant, an elegant location in downtown Melbourne. The dinner was sponsored by 
Sharon Lewin and Françoise Barre-Sinoussi. It was an excellent time. After that I went to 
a birthday party for Jen Kates and Judy Auerbach in a saloon in the Provincial Hotel. 
Wednesday, July 23, 2014 - Departed on the extraordinarily long 26 hour trip back to 
Washington DC. I went from Melbourne to Sydney, Sydney to Los Angeles, and then 
Los Angeles to Washington DC. I traveled with Richard Koup and it was an uneventful 
trip. The day that I left, President Clinto arrived for his keynote.
Thursday, July 24, 2014 – Continued press on the MH17 tragedy mixed with interest 
about the IAS Meeting in Melbourne.   I appeared on NPR Radio “Tell Me More” with 
Michelle Martin.   Of note, there has been a recent recommendation from WHO and prior 
to that from CDC that certain groups (MSM at high risk; discordant couples; 
heterosexuals who practice risk behavior) should use PrEP (Truvada), which has recently 
been approved by FDA for PrEP.   There is a growing controversy about whether use of 
PrEP will actually lead to more risky behavior.   Data say that it will not.   Recent study 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 351 ---
349
presented in Melbourne by Bob Grant from UCSF (the OLE study – Off Line Extension 
of iPrEX) indicated that there was no increased in risky behavior with PrEP and people 
who took PrEP had less infections that those who did not and use condoms only.  I 
appeared on NPR “Science Friday” to discuss this and other topics.
July 25-28, 2014 – Major expansion of problem with Ebola outbreak in West Africa.   
Cases now up to >1100 with over 600 deaths in Guinew, Sierra Leone and Liberia.   Of 
note, 3 MDs (one died)  and one health worker (1 MD and health worker from USA) 
have been infected. Clearly there is breakdown of PPE even among good people who are 
trained.   One patient left Liberia after his sister died of Ebola and he got on plane to 
Lagos, Nigeria and got sick and died in Nigeria.   Massive presss interest now going on.   
Al networks (CNN, George Stephanopoulos, etc.) wanted me on TV but the ridiculous 
HHS and White House wanted to “define the message” before they let me or CDC on the 
air.   
July 29, 2014  Now HHS is allowing me to go on the air after all the major networks 
have already reported the Ebola situation.  However, more to come.  Did WTOP radio 
this AM and will do Canadian TV and Al Jazeera this evening.
July 30, 2014 – Ebola situation really heating up.   Now there are 1300 cases with 730 
deaths.   The person who got infected from his sister in Liberia and flew from Liberia to 
Nigeria and then got sick and died in Nigeria was an American citizen (Patrick Sawyer).  
The Peace Corps is bringing  home 340 volunteers from the 3 countries.   Two volunteers 
have been exposed to an Ebola patient and are in  isolation.  Today was on MSNBC, 
NBC Nightly News, CNN and CNN with Jake Tapper, and Al Jazeera tonight.  I have 
been invited to go on 3 Sunday Shows:   This Week with George S.; Face the Nation; and 
State of the Union with Candy Crowley.   White House still has not cleared any of these 3 
and so I have no idea whether I will be able to do them.   The WH communication people 
are really a bunch of assholes in that they try to “control the message” even though there 
really is not a complicated message here.   The Networks want me for my medical 
expertise and because I am good on TV.   What is the problem??
July 31, 2014 – Major media blitz red hot on two concurrent issues.   The Israel invasion 
of Gaza due to the incessant shelling by rockets of Israel cities by Hama from Gaza and 
the exploding Ebola situation.   Was on CNN New Day this AM.   Then did Diane Rehm 
with Laurie Garrett, Dan Lucey (Georgetown), Billy Fischer (UNC).   After that did CNN 
with Jim Sciutto (Regis Graduate), then BBC radio “The World” and multiple print.   In 
addition, to above Sunday Shows, now Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace wants me.   
Still no response from the White House 
August 1, 2014 – Samaratan’s Purse (Charity Organization in Liberia) has decided to fly 
Kent Bartley and Nancy Whitebol (infected health workers) from Liberia to Emory 
Univerity in Atlanta.   Emory has a CDC-designated Unit to take care of Ebola.   They 
are on their way.  Public blogs quite concerned about danger of this transporting to USA>   
I think that it sis dangerous for the patient’s health for them to fly.   I am assuring public 
anyway that it is safe, even though for the patient’s sake, I would not have transferred 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 352 ---
350
them. Media  frenzy continues.   Tait Sye decided to give to Tom Frieden and the CDC 
all 6 of the Sunday Morning TV requests that came to me.   We objected strongly 
(Courtney Billet and John Burklow), but to no avail.   Tait is an  asshole.   He thinks there 
should be only one government voice on Sunday morning TV.   Francis Collins called 
Tait and e-mailed him with an excoriating response telling that he essentially did not 
know what he was doing.   I did multiple print media today in addition to Fox National 
News, MSNBC, and China TV.   
They have now initiated daily (including weekends) calls with Secretary Burwell and also 
intra-NIH calls with Francis Collins.
Questionable ethics in Samaritan’s purse getting monoclonal antibodies from MAPP 
Biopharmaceuticals for their persons.   We are funding the development of these 
antibodies (ZMAPP) but the company owns them.
August 2, 2014 – American physician Kent Brantley (patient from Liberia) arrived in 
Atlanta and was admitted to Emory Hospital.  He was well enough to walk into the 
hospital with a “space suit” on with assistance.  This was instigated by Franklin Graham 
(son of Billy graham) who is Chair of Board of Samaritan’s Purse.   Patient doing well.   
Media frenzy.  I will appear on CNN Special with Sanjay Gupta this evening at 4:30 PM
War raging in Gaza.
We also had meeting here at NIH is Medical Board room of the Clinical Research Center  
with a number of African Leaders including President Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania and 
president Denis Sassou-Nguesso of the Republic of Congo and Minister of Health of 
Kenya James Macharia among other African ambassadors and staff.   I presented an 
update on Ebola (which they were obviously interested in given the current media 
attention) as well as HIV, Malaria, etc.   Good meeting.   This is associated with the large 
African Leadership Summit that President Obama is hosting in DC this week.   
Obviously, people are asking (ignorant) whether it is safe to bring Africans to the USA 
now.
August 3, 2014 – Indeed Tait gave Frieden all of the Sunday AM shows.   CNN repeated 
the clip of me on the Sanjay Gupta Special today (Sunday) at 7:30 AM.   I appeared on 
MSNBC live at 3:00 PM and will do CBS Evening News Tonight.   Also did Channel 9 
Local News at 6:00 PM (taped).
Questions arising about supply of antibodies and whether to use experimental therapies 
(all pre-clinical so far) in humasn via Emergency Use Authorizations and Compassionate 
use.
August 4, 2014 – Media frenzy continues regarding Ebola.  Reports say that the ZMapp 
cocktail of 3 monoclonal antibodies given to Dr. Brantley resulted in “miraculous” 
improvement.   Sanjay Gupta and I sparred (friendly) a bit about this on CNN since I said 
immediate (20 minutes after infusion) effect would be most unusual for an antibody.   
Did much, much media today:  CBS This Morning with Charlie Rose (Live from in front 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 353 ---
351
of Building 31); CNN New Day with Sanjay Gupta; MSNBC with Chick Todd; WTOP 
Radio; NPR “Here and Now”; BBC radio; MSNBC; Hearst TV.   Tonight I do MSNBC 
again at 8:15 PM from Nebraska Avenue and BBC Radio at 10:15 PM.
Much discussion from the media about the role of “NIH scientists” in getting the ZMapp 
to Brantley.  They are referring to Lisa Hensley.   We needed to clear up her role in that 
CDC (Kevin DeCock) asked her to point Samaritan’s Purse in the direction of the people 
who had the antibody.   There was some feeling that there was some “government 
conspiracy”.   I will discipline Lisa when she returns from Liberia because she got out of 
her lane by getting involved in the procurement of the antibody.
I am exhausted from media.
August 5, 2014 – Media, particularly CNN and Sanjay Gupta still pursuing the issue of 
an NIH scientist (Lisa Hensley) who they claim actively pursued and obtained the zMapp 
antibodies for the 2 American patients.   Lisa returns today and we must get the truth.   
She claims that she just steered Samaritan’s Purse (SP) people to the individuals/groups 
that had interventions and SP decided to obtain the zMapp from Gary Kobinger (Canada) 
who apparently brought a dose to Sierra Leone.   As it turns out, Lisa got on a helicopter 
provided by the State Department to pick up the zMapp from Sierra Leone and bring it 
back to Liberia.   When she got to SL, she found out that SP had already obtained a 
helicopter themselves and had already picked up the zMapp and brought it to the patients 
in Liberia.   I find out today that the helicopter that Lisa flew in was a CIA helicopter!   
The State department will deny any role in this since the CIA is not supposed to be 
operating out of the Embassy.  However, the Embassy certainly “tried to” facilitate the 
transport of zMapp.   I will straighten all of this out and get to the truth after we question 
Lisa.
Getting exhausted by media.   Today I did: CNN Squawk Box; MSNBC; CTV News; 
CNN with Sanjay Gupta; Fox News; Reuters TV; CNN International; Al Jazeera; BBC 
TV; Fox News with Lou Dobbs; CNN Anderson Cooper; MSNBC with Larry O’Donnell.
August 6, 2014 – Some of the events that occurred today are very important. Lisa 
Hensley, an NIAID employee (Ph. D) is a NIAID scientist who reports to Peter Jahrling 
at Fort Detrick.  She was in Liberia to give technical assistance.   She had informed Cliff 
that her role in Samantha's Purse (SP) getting the zMapp antibodies for Dr. Brantley and 
Nancy Writebol was only peripheral and facilitating.  Lisa has been called back by Cliff 
and returned from Liberia last night and Cliff Lane gathered a considerable amount of 
information from her. It appears that she has been much more active in assisting the 
people from SP in procuring the zMapp antibodies from Gary Kobinger of the Canadian 
Health Agency. In addition to just pointing the SP people in the right direction, she was 
actively involved in organizing an attempt to procure the antibodies and deliver them to 
the patients. The CDC was actively involved also in the person of Kevin DeCock who put 
Lisa in contact with SP. In addition, the United States Embassy in Monrovia, Liberia was 
very actively involved in this process. With regard to the latter the embassy provided a 
UN helicopter to take Lisa and the military attaché from the embassy to the border of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 354 ---
352
Sierra Leone and Liberia to pick up the package of monoclonal antibodies. However, SP 
had already chartered their own helicopter and picked up the material themselves. 
Nonetheless, our prior determination and announcement to the media that the NIH as well 
as the federal government played only a minor role in the procurement of these antibodies 
is technically not correct. When I found out about this, I felt it was very important to alert 
HHS Secretary Sylvia Burwell. I briefed her on the fact that the original statement from 
the Department of Health and Human Services regarding the role of NIH was not 
technically correct. She agreed and indicated that we would have to let the White House 
know particularly the General Counsel. The reason why this is important is that 
technically speaking SP has broken the law by bringing in a drug from Sierra Leone to 
Liberia without the permission of the health officials of Liberia. In addition, there is also 
the issue of ethics in procuring a drug for one individual when there is very short supply. 
And so the question is asked how can one get drug for American doctors and health 
workers when hundreds of Africans are dying from the disease. We will have to face this 
issue in the press even though technically speaking NIH did not procure the drug. The 
appearance is that we at least assisted the SP in getting it. It is important to emphasize 
that Lisa Hensley was acting on her own accord without asking permission from any of 
her superiors and so she was really not representing the NIH.  It appears now that this 
was what Sanjay Gupta of CNN was talking about when he told me by phone that he had 
e-mails that indicated that an NIH person was actively involved in procuring zMapp 
antibodies for SP and that the US Embassy was also involved and that he could not show 
me the e-mails since the person who gave them to him had a lawqyer who advised against 
it.   I believe that the secret party who gave Sanjay the e-mails is SP who are now afraid 
that they have broken the law and are trying to say that the USG helped them and so how 
could it be wrong.  It will be interesting to see how this all plays out.
Billy Fischer from UNC visited NIH to help the Clinical Center get ready for the 
possibility of admitting Ebola patients since the CDC is sending 50 people to West Africa 
and there is the possibility that they may get infected and might need care.   Billy spent 
time in Sierra Leone directly taking care of patients.  He was great!
Again, much press today → CBS Morning Show with Charlie Rose and Norah 
O’Donnell; NBC Channel 4 Local News; CNN with Jake Tapper.
August 7. 2014 – Re-visit of part of the African Delegation that is visiting DC.   Francis 
Collins and I and other IC Directors briefed them in Medical Board Room of the Clinicial 
Center at 11:15 AM.   Present were Mali President Kweita and Zambia Vice president 
Guy Scott and his wife Charlotte.  I presented information about NIAID activities 
relevant to their countries (Mali – malaria; Zambia – HIV, TB).
Media frenzy continues with Gaza war and Ebola.  Ebola dialogue now focusing on the 
ethics of distribution of scarce interventions during medical crisis.   Triggered by the 
availability of zMapp for the 2 American patients.
Press today CNN New Day; MSNBC with Ronan Farrow; CNN International; Sirius 
Radio (Fox) with Marc Siegel
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 355 ---
353
August 8, 2014 – Frenzy continues.  Press includes WTOP Radio, WNYC Brian Lehrer 
Radio, Fox Business TV, NPR Los Angeles.
Gaza + Ebola – now ISIS is taking over Iraq and the USA in now bombing their advance 
to a Kurdish city where American diplomats are holed up.   The USA wants to avoid 
another Benghazi.   Because of this the White House is not allowing any government 
people to go on Sunday AM TV and so I had to cancel invitation from This Week with 
George Stephanopoulos and “Face the Nation”.   White House is in the controlling the 
message mode.
August 8, 2014 – (Saturday) - Having daily Secretary and NIH (Collins) call.  Issue is 
that we are trying to expedite going into phase 1 trials of interventions that have only 
been in pre-clinical.  These include zMapp, the Canadian VSV vaccine, the VRC 
ChimpAd3 vaccine.   Emory is making “side deals” with Mapp for zMapp and Canada 
for VSV to get pre-exposure prophylaxis for doctors at Emory.   Potential problem is an 
“optics” problem in that USG is helping Westerners get interventions that Africans 
cannot get.
This is all getting very intense and similar to the Anthrax issues from 2001.   Sylvia is 
starting to see more clearly what I can do regarding leadership on the phone calls.
August 11, 2014 – The frenzy around Ebola still continues with the major issue being the 
ethics of getting experimental drugs to the two Americans, and most recently to a Spanish 
priest who was flown from West Africa to Madrid and who received the experimental 
zMapp cocktail of monoclonal antibodies. The media are pushing the story of favoritism 
towards the West and developed nations as opposed to the Africans who are suffering 
from the disease. They fail to understand that there is no evidence that zMapp actually 
works, and the fact is that there are only three doses left in the possession of the company 
that owns it, i.e. MAPP Biopharmaceuticals. Of note, the President of Liberia has 
contacted the White House to see if the United States can expedite either transfer of two 
sick Liberian doctors to the United States for care and/or obtain doses of zMapp for them. 
It is interesting that Larry Zeitlin, the CEO of MAPP Biopharmaceuticals, has contacted 
Cliff Lane telling Cliff that he wants to get rid of the three doses of zMapp that he has in 
his possession because of the pressure on him to distribute it to a number of people in 
Africa who need it.   He does not want to be put in this ethically difficult position.  He 
wants to give it to either WHO or MSF. However, he does not want the US government 
to react negatively to this. He wants to make sure that we do not criticize his giving the 
doses to another entity, thereby making them responsible for its distribution. We have 
been having a daily conference call including this past weekend on Saturday and Sunday 
with Sec. Sylvia Burwell to keep up with the rapidly evolving E bola situation. During 
that call yesterday (Sunday), Secretary Burwell suggested that since we helped the 
American doctors to get doses of zMapp that we might suggest to Larry Zeitlin that he 
give the doses to the Liberians. This would accomplish two goals: 1) it would allow 
President Obama to respond to the Liberian president, and;  2) it which show the world 
that we do not just favor Westerners, but that we are helping to make drugs available to 
Africans.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 356 ---
354
We had a conference call yesterday (Sunday) with Canadian health authorities to inquire 
about the availability of their experimental VSV  Ebola vaccine. On the call were our 
HHS team with me, Cliff Lane, Hilary Marston, Nicki Lurie, Dawn O’Connell (Sec. 
Burwell’s Chief-of-Staff), Tom Frieden and CDC folks, Robin Robinson, Leslie Dasch 
(Counsellor to Burwell).  On the Canadian side there was Gregory Taylor (Deputy Chief 
Public Health Officer), Judith Bosse (Assistant Deputy Minister, Infectious Diseases 
prevention and Control Branch), Theresa Tam (Branch Head, Health Security 
Infrastructure branch) and Supriya Sharma (Assoc. Assist. Deputy Minister, health 
Products and Food Branch).   The Canadians are still in preclinical studies and have not 
yet gone into humans. There is an ongoing disagreement between me and Tom Frieden. 
Tom wants to give the vaccine to health workers in Africa even before it has gone into a 
phase 1 trial (I believe that he has been speaking with his CDC people who are preparing 
to go to Africa and are understandably concerned about their risk). I do not believe that 
Tom understands the clinical trial process since he says that we are “ethically obliged” to 
allow the healthcare workers to make the decision themselves about whether they are 
willing to take a potentially unsafe, potentially ineffective vaccine.  If this were a drug to 
be given to a desperately ill patient, then that is one thing about going directly from pre-
clinical to human treatment.   However, this is a vaccine to be given to a healthy person.  
On the call with the Canadians, I pointed out our experience with the HIV vaccine which 
was effective in monkeys, but in humans it actually significantly increased the risk of 
acquisition of HIV infection. In order to expedite things Cliff Lane will organize a quick 
phase 1 trial at the NIH Clinical Center to test the safety of the Canadian vaccine.
Once again, I have been all over the press. Last night I was on CNN with Jim Sciutto as 
well as on CNN International. Today I will do the Diane Rehm Show.
August 12, 2014 – We are having a daily (including Saturday and Sunday) conference 
call with Secretary Burwell and a separate call among NIHers with Francis Collins.   
Press interest in dying down somewhat (I was only on Colombian (Bogotá) radio and 
Czech Radio only.   The issues are centering now around the ethics of using experimental 
drugs (we actually have none available) and vaccines (getting ready to go into Phase 1 
with the NIH (VRC) Chimp Ad3 vector with Ebola env gene inserts) prior to proof of 
safety and efficacy.   The Canadians also have 2 VSV Ebola vaccines.  There is no more 
ZMapp left – 2 courses went to Brantley and Rightbol, 1course went to the Spanish priest 
who died, and 2 courses were sent to Liberia to treat 2 Liberian doctors who contracted 
Ebola caring for patients (President of Liberia appealed to President Obama.   The USG 
put Liberia in touch with Larry Zeitlin and MAPP Biopharmaceuticals.
August 13, 2014 – My invited Perspective on Ebola came out online at 5:00 PM in the 
New England Journal of Medicine.  Cliff Lane and I are trying to reconcile the need for 
data of safety and efficacy of the NIH vaccine and the need to get it to people who need 
it.   We drew up a proposal for a Randomized Clinical Trial (RCT) to take place in the 
countries in Africa right after the Phase 1 here at the NIH.   This would settle the ethics 
issue (randomization is “fair” and also would collect data to prove efficacy and safety.   I 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 357 ---
355
will propose this at the next Secretary’s call.   The logistics of this will be difficult due to 
the lack of infrastructure in the 4 African countries.
Did WBAI Radio in NYC and Al Jazeera TV today.
Latest numbers for Ebola – 1900+ cases and 1050 deaths
August 14, 2014 – Things quieting down a bit in the press.  Still struggling with ethics 
issues and clinical trials issues.   Canada has “hot-dogged” by announcing that they are 
“donating” 400-800 doses of their vaccine for use in Africa.   Of course, that is exactly 
where we will give it when we show that it is safe.   Also Jeremy Farrar, the head of 
Welcome Trust is grandstanding a bit saying we must not just “sponge down the patients 
and let them die”.   Give me a break.   Now WHO wants to use the Phase 1 doses of 
vaccine to vaccinate their people who are going to Africa.   They want 200 doses to do a 
“phase 1 trial” in their staff.   200 doses is a product distribution program, not a phase 1 
trial.
Did CBS News and AP TV today.
August 15, 2014 – Went up to Philadelphia to see the White Coat Ceremony at the 
University of Pennsylvania Medical School where my daughter Megan is beginning her 
first year of medical school.   Beautiful day and wonderful ceremony.   We are so proud 
of Megan and hope that she will be happy.   I know that she will do well having 
graduated summa cum laude from Columbia and then excelling in the Post-Bacc pre-med 
year at Hopkins.  
August 16-19, 2014 – Media blitz stopped, but the epidemic still rages.   The West 
African countries are instituting quarantines and border closings, which may slow down 
the epidemic, but there is the beginning of a humanitarian crisis to get food, water and 
supplies to the quarantined areas. 
Tom Frieden and I are working out how we can reconcile the issue discussed above about 
the balance of open access of vaccine following phase 1 versus the need to know by RCT 
whether the vaccine actually works and whether it might actually do harm, as per the Ad5 
HIV vaccine enhancement of HIV acquisition  in a former clinical trial a couple of years 
ago.   The department was clearly concerned (Andrea Palm – chief-of-staff to Burwell-  
pissed me off on a conference call by acting annoyed with Tom and me in our discussions 
on the daily conference call) about the disagreement between Tom and me; however, 
Tom and I are now trying hard to work it out behind the scenes.
 
August 20, 2014 – Ebola still on an upswing.  No explosion yet in Nigeria following the 
infection of cluster (8 to 11) health care workers who took care of Patrick Sawyer 
(Liberian/American) who flew from Liberia to Nigeria).
Tom Frieden and I still trying to work out an agreement/compromise regarding the 
distribution of Ebola vaccine (RCT versus expanded access) following the Pahe 1 trials 
that will begin in September and have data by November on Safety and immunogenicity.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 358 ---
356
Press low level but consistent.   For me → Federal News Radio; Canadian TV; VOA TV 
– “Straight Talk Africa Show – 1 hour); 
ISIS (Islamic State in Iraq and Syria) taking over parts of Iraq
Gaza still a mess with rocketing of Israel and retaliatory air strikes by Israel.
August 21, 2014 – 2 secondary cases of Ebola (beyond cluster of health care workers) 
from the index in Nigeria.  Getting close on agreement with Tom Frieden.  Cliff Lane 
very helpful; in hammering out details with CDC people – Tim Uyeki and Steve Redd 
(Steve is a rally good guy with whom I dealt during the Flu issues).
Continued press →  MSNBC; WTOP radio; CNN with Lou Dobbs; BBC Newsday 
Radio.
August 22, 2014 – Situation same with epidemic.   Good news – have come to agreement 
with Tom Frieden on approach to Ebola vaccine following Phase1 trials.   Agree to go for 
RCT with control group as first choice.   There well may be obstacles on the ground to 
this approach including perception of keeping interventions from those who need it (even 
though we still do not know whether the vaccine is either safe or effective).   This may 
necessitate a modified RCT without a control group or even skipping an RCT and going 
to emergency open access.   The plan is to do a “rolling” approach staring with RCT → 
modified RCT → open access in priority order.  I will present this to Secretary’s call next 
week.
Tom Leaves for West Africa over the weekend.
Press still active → Fox 5 WTTG; CNN International; BBC Radio – The World; WNEW 
CBS Radio – NYC; PRI (BBC) – Boston – “The World” with Marco Werman
August 23 – 27, 2014 -  Still escalating Ebola situation. Now a secondary case in Nigeria 
with Patrick Sawyer having infected a person who took care of him.   That person (who 
recovered) then infected a doctor in Port Harcourt. The doctor died, but the doctor’s wife 
is now infected.  The numbers are going up.   Tom Frieden now in Liberia to assess the 
situation.  He is saying that it is catastrophic and out of control in a press conference from 
Monrovia.  People on the Secretary’s 3x per week call have criticized him for being 
“hyperbolic”.   How should they know – he is there and they are here.   Typical 
government cover-your-ass bullshit.   Still getting modest press.
August 28, 2014 – Our big press teleconference announcing the beginning of the Ebola 
vaccine Phase 1 trial of the Chimp Adenovirus 3 vector with the Ebola GP bivalent gene 
insert.   Trial to start on September 2 at NIH Clinical Center.  Also coinciding with 
slightly later start of monovalent identical vaccine in the UK with Oxford, Wellcome 
Trust and extension into Mali and the Gambia.  Also, we announced our collaboration 
with NewLink and Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC) in a Phase 1 trial (in Silver 
Spring, MD with WRAIR) of the VSV – Ebola vaccine.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 359 ---
357
Much press interest today with appearances on:  Fox News Radio; Hearst TV; WTOP; 
MSNBC with Ronan Farrow; NBC Nightly News; The NewsHour; Cox TV; 24/7 
National News Radio; CNN Anderson Cooper; Local Channel 9 News; AP TV.
August 29, 2014 – UK raises terror threat to Level 4 (of 5) due to activity of ISIS in 
Syria and Iraq, who are threatening the West.   They have been brutally assassinating free 
Syrians (beheadings) and have shown a beheading of an American journalist (James 
Foley) on You Tube.
Ebola – outbreak raging.  Tom Frieden is obviously distraught.  I am concerned about 
him as he is having a very emotional reaction to this.   He wrote me an e-mail yesterday 
from Liberia saying that the situation is completely out of control and that health care 
workers are getting infected and we should distribute the vaccine even without Phase 1 
safety data.   This is not correct.   We have to do at least a modicum of safety data before 
we distribute it.
I am beginning to get concerned that transmissibility is not just confined to people who 
take care of sick people and who have “direct contact with bodily fluids such as Feces, 
Vomitus, blood, and urine”.   There have been some situations that have me believe that 
fomites and hand contact inadvertently with fomites outside of the “direct” healthcare 
setting might also spread the virus.   Some examples:   Dr. Brantley and Nancy Brighthol 
were both infected and Brantley was experienced in PPE.   Of note, no MSF person who 
used PPE has ever gotten infected over years of taking care of Ebola patients.   Nancy 
never directly took care of Ebola patients.   Dr. Sow, the WHO person, likely got infected 
while taking care of patients, but did not tell anyone he was feeling poorly.   He went to 
meetings with people from WHO, MSF, and other organizations and two of these people 
got sick and they did not breach any PPEs.   Patrick Sawyer got sick from his sister in 
Liberia, got on a plane and flew to Nigeria.   Got sick in Nigeria and several health care 
providers who took care of him without PPE (~12) got sick and 8 died.   One of the 
people who did not know he was sick went to Port Harcourt, got sick saw a physician.   
The physician got infected and ultimately died, but not without infecting his wife.   The 
August 28, 2014 Nature paper on deep sequencing by Pardis Sabeti from the Broad in 
Boston showed phylogenetic origin of virus as a single point source.   In the paper, the 
woman who brought the virus from Guinea to Sierra Leone got is at a funeral where she 
tended to a body; however, 12 people from that funeral got infected from 2 lineages, 
probably all having gotten infected at the funeral.   It seems to me that these women did 
not all touch “macroscopically visible feces, blood or vomitus on the body.   Someone or 
more initially cleaned the body, but certainly some kissed or otherwise touched what 
appeared to be a clean body and got infected.   Conclusion, it is likely than microscopic 
contamination with residual bodily fluids on what appears to be clean skin or surfaces 
could spread the virus.   Hypothetical scenario → person is infected and in early stage, 
get diarrhea and wipes his anal area, contaminates his hands with microscopic fecal 
material and virus, washes or not his hands, but virus remains and he then shakes 
someone’s hands, serves someone food, etc. and transmission occurs (see Dr. Sow).   I do 
not believe at all that it is transmitted by the respiratory route; however, inadvertent 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 360 ---
358
contamination of hands outside of the classical hospital setting should in my mind at least 
be considered as a potential route of transmission.
Press interest continues with: Columbia (Bogota) Radio; VOA TV; NPR Weekend 
Edition with Scott Simon; NPR Science Friday; CNN with Jake Tapper; Reuters TV
August 30, 2014 – Case from Guinea went to Dakar, Senegal and lied about exposure.   
Took bus and stopped in 2 health care facilities.   Contact tracing now going on in 
Senegal.
Spoke with Tom Frieden who is in Liberia.   Trying to get him to appreciate that giving 
VSV Ebola vaccine as post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP) is risky due to the induction of 
cytokines by the live VSV, which might actually enhance the acquisition upon exposure 
since cytokine dysregulation plays a negative and potentially positive role in Ebola virus 
disease.  He wants to pre-position VSV vaccine for PEP and TKM drug (siRNA – not yet 
is phase 1) at all Ebola treatment Units (ETUs). I understand the desire to protect the 
CDC and other health care workers on the front lines, but we must be concerned about 
giving drugs/PEP vaccines BEFORE they have even been in the earliest Phase 1 trials.   
Yesterday CDC evacuated a WHO worked who had a low risk needle stick (clean needle 
through potentially contaminated gloves) and they gave the person TKM drug and 
wanted to give VSV, but could not get it.   That is why he now wants to pre-position it.
 See below my e-mail to Tom Frieden sent to him on Sunday, August 31 while he was in 
Liberia:
Tom:
    I am including a few attachments: 1) 2 slides (from Nancy Sullivan 
who does our pre-clinical Ebola studies)  that summarize the issue of 
"cytokine dysregulation" in Ebola disease and potentially following 
vaccination; 2) 2 reprints (referred to in the 2 slides) on the types 
of cytokine responses in Ebola disease and following vaccination with 
different vaccine platforms; and 3) the Heinz Feldmann paper with which 
you are familiar and which shows that in the monkey model of Ebola 
virus disease, the VSV Ebola vaccine used as post exposure prophylaxis 
(PEP) protected 50% of the monkeys from lethal challenge with Ebola if 
administered 20-30 minutes following the challenge.
   Getting back to our discussion and your question concerning the 
issue of any risk of administering VSV as PEP, I certainly would not 
characterize the inflammation following VSV vaccine administration as 
"cytokine storm".   It certainly induces inflammation and can cause 
fever.  Note that the only human to my knowledge who received this 
vaccine was the laboratory worker in Germany who had a needle stick 
injury and she got a fever following vaccination.   Inflammation that 
results in fever will virtually always induce secretion of cytokines of 
various sorts.  Since VSV in the NewLink vaccine is a replicating 
virus, it will almost certainly induce the secretion of 
cytokines.   The reason that this might be important is that a whole 
array of cytokines are important in the pathogenesis of Ebola virus 
disease.   It certainly can kill you (advanced cytokine storm) and it 
is almost certainly involved in protection and recovery from Ebola 
infection.  It is a delicate balance that we do not fully 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 361 ---
359
understand.    At this time, we are unclear about the positive versus 
negative effects of cytokine secretion (or call it dysregulation) 
related to the precise cytokines in question and the timing of their 
secretion vis-à-vis Ebola infection (see first bullet in the first of 2 
slides in the first attachment.
   In my mind, this does not mean that one should not provide VSV as 
PEP for your people (or others); however, if administered to them, it 
should be made clear to the recipients that 1) VSV Ebola vaccine 
provided 50% protection in monkeys if given 20-30 minutes following 
exposure.   I would mention that monkey models are somewhat different 
from human Ebola (see 3rd and 4th bullet of 2nd slide in first 
attachment) and so direct extrapolation to humans should be made with 
caution at this point in time;  and 2) importantly, the vaccine 
recipients should clearly understand that there is a theoretical 
possibility that the VSV, due to the complexities of the cytokine 
dysregulation that accompanies Ebola infection and the perturbation of 
this cytokine network that might occur with a live virus vaccine (VSV) 
that induces inflammation and fever, might actually cause them harm by 
disturbing their normal inflammatory/immune response to Ebola 
infection.   If they understand these caveats, then it would be their 
choice to receive the vaccine with informed consent.
    Finally, as you certainly know better than anyone, the FDA will 
have to be involved in the approval of allowing this pre-positioning 
and potential use of an experimental vaccine by whatever is  the 
appropriate regulatory mechanism.   I hope that this information is 
helpful to you in your deliberations about PEP.   I look forward to 
discussing these issues with you.
Best regards,
Tony
-----Original Message-----
From: Frieden, Thomas (Tom) (CDC/OD) 
Sent: Sunday, August 31, 2014 3:49 AM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Cytokine 
I had heard of cytokine storm with tekmira but not with VSV.  Can you 
confirm?
Did MSNBC
Sept. 1, 2014 – Labor Day – had usual call with Secretary Burwell (SMB) this AM at 
8:30 AM.   Clear and muggy day.   We are going around in circles.   I am concerned that 
the Secretary is a really smart and very competent person, but she is surrounded by 
people who may be good at management, but who have never been in a situation like this 
and who really do not have a clue how to address it →  Leslie Dach (formerly of 
Walmart); Andrea Palm (have no idea where she came from).   Bill Corr (Deputy 
Secretary) is the only one with corporate memory of former crises and he has been 
completely marginalized by the new kids in town.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 362 ---
360
There really is no command and control at a higher level.   At my suggestion, Francis 
sent a note to SMB suggesting that we bump this up to the White House level (perhaps 
the VP) in order to get DoD, USAID, HHS, and NSC working together.   She has not yet 
responded to him.   I mentioned on the call today that Tom Frieden is dealing with 
Assistant Secretary Lumpkin of DoD.  He is a good person, but nothing is happening 
with the promise for mobile hospital beds.   They are still quibbling about a 25 bed 
hospital when they really need 1000 beds.   Plans for 5 X 100 beds have gone nowhere.   
My experience with the DoD is that they are well-meaning, but the culture and chain-of-
command is such that you never know when you are speaking with someone who really 
has the authority to actually do what they are talking about.   Something strange about the 
military culture in that they will never say “you are speaking to the wrong person; I 
cannot help you”.  They will try to help (although they cannot) and all that happens is that 
time is wasted.   I tried to make that point on the conference call.
Importantly, WHO is saying that the epidemic could reach 20,000 cases.   In fact, 
mathematical models that came out in ScienceInsider today from a physicist named 
Alessandro Vespignani showed that the curve is exponential, not linear, which means that 
there could be 10,000 cases by September 24.
This is turning into a total catastrophe.   Just spoke with Dawn O’Connell (Counsellor to 
SMB) and explained to her that the situation is out of control and that we need a higher 
command and control.   I also explained to her the importance of the “exponential” curve 
of the epidemic.   Dawn is really trying to be helpful.
Sept. 2, 2014 – Tom Frieden back from West Africa, gives press conference and says that 
the situation is out of control and could result in 100,000 cases!   HHS people concerned 
that he is being hyperbolic; I do not think that he is hyperbolic.  Worrisome things – an 
American missionary M.D. got infected while got infected in Liberia in a hospital that 
was not for Ebola patients.   Turns out he was doing an OB-GYN exam on a woman who 
was infected, but did not know it and did not tell the missionary that she had been 
exposed.   Big problem – people are not telling the truth for fear of stigma.   
Epidemiological curves are now exponential.   A lot of planning, but not much action.   I 
am supporting Tom in the press and at HHS even though he still thinks that we should 
pre=position TKM drug (siRNA) and VSV vaccine for PEP for health workers in the 
ETUs even though they have not been in Phase 1 yet.
Did Panel at CSIS on 1616 Rhode Island Avenue.   Very hot muggy day.   Panel on 
Global Health issues in the context of Larry Gostin’s new Book of Global Health Law.   
Panel was me, Larry and Tim Evans of World Bank.   Ebola was a major topic.
Important – Secretary Sylvia Burwell called my cell phone at 2:30 PM to ask my opinion 
of whether we were not doing enough or were doing it wrong.   I told her that 
quantitatively we are not doing enough.   But as the epidemic grows exponentially, then 
the quantitative defect transforms into a qualitative defect and then we are doing it wrong 
since doing the same thing minimally while the epidemic grows, then becomes doing it 
wrong.    She also tasked me to find out whether there are options to improve the tobacco 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 363 ---
361
plant yield of the ZMapp antibodies or as suggested by some, that we go to CHO cells.   
She wanted me to contact the Agriculture people at the BMGF where she used to work to 
get their opinion.  I called and spoke with Susan Hellmann (President of BMGF), Chris 
Elias (BMGF), Rob Horsch (Ag expert at BMGF), Larry Zeitlin (CEO of Mapp 
Biopharmaceutical to get their opinion.   Consensus is that it will take too long to fix the 
poor yield in tobacco and that we should go for CHO in 2 of the 3 antibodies.   The 3rd 
does not do well in CHO and so stick with tobacco on that one.   I wrote a long e-mail to 
Sylvia explaining this.
Press – CNN with Erin Burnett
News still dominated by ISIS who beheaded another USA journalist; Russia invading 
eastern Ukraine; Gaza and Ebola
Sept. 3, 2014 – Big meeting at World Bank Headquarters on 18th Street, N.W. to exam 
and discuss the response to Ebola.   Jim Kim (President of World Bank) specifically 
invited me (as did Paul Farmer),   Discussed the WHO Roadmap and David Nabarro’s 
UN Plan.   Present at meeting were: Tom Frieden, Jim Kim, Tim Evans (Senior Director, 
GHNDR), Jan Eliasson (Deputy Secretary General, UN), Margaret Chan (Director-
General, WHO), Gayle Smith (by phone – Special Assistant to the POTUS at NSC), 
Mark Dybul (by Phone), Keiji Fukuda (WHO), Raj Panjabi (Harvard), Ariel Pablos-
Mendez (USAID), Jimmy Kolker (HHS), Joia Mukhajee (PIH)Sri Mulyani Indrrawati 
(World Bank), Olusoji Adeyi (World Bank), and other World Bank people.
Jim Kim took the lead and emphasized that we need to translate “planning” into action 
and took Margaret Chan to task for not exercising her authorities under the International 
Health Regulations (IHR) to take the lead.   Despite Jim Kim’s strong urging, it still 
appears that we are not headed to great action.   David Nabarro had some action items 
with no way to actually act.   I mentioned gently to Margaret that she should not say that 
“We plan to have to Epidemic under control in 6 months”   since this would signal to the 
world that we actually have a way of ending it in 6 months, when in fact we have no idea 
when it will end given the exponential nature of the increase in cases.   I also told story of 
when Colin Powell and I went to the UNGASS in the early 2000s and he declared the 
AIDS pandemic a global security threat and this got the attention of everyone.   We 
should do the same thing with Ebola.
 Press – MSNBC with Peter Alexander; Fox News with Lou Dobbs.
Sept. 4, 2014 -   After discussions with me and having me see and edit his column, Mike 
Gerson wrote a scorching editorial in today’s Washington Post criticizing the world and 
the White House for not doing more for the Ebola situation.   In my discussions with 
Mike, he indicated that when he was in the WH with Josh Bolton as Chief-of-Staff, they 
would have pushed George W. Bush and he would have responded to do something 
dramatic to help West Africa.   Mike sent me a note that Denis McDonough (Obama 
Chief-of-Staff) sent to Mike in response to Mike sending Denis a copy of the article.   
Denis note to Mike below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 364 ---
362
Tony,
In confidence, this is the note Denis sent back to me when I sent him the link to the 
column.  I thought you might be interested.  
Thanks, Michael.  It is good to hear from you, and I look forward to reading your column (which I 
have not yet had the chance to do but will soon).
 
I did think it was worth mentioning that the President had a good – if alarming – discussion with 
Dr. Frieden on Monday after Tom returned from the region where he went to get a candid view 
of how this is progressing.  Tom was concerned with what he saw, and the President was 
concerned with the same.  As a result, POTUS directed even more aggressive action than we 
have been taking so as to treat this like the national security challenge it is. 
 
Lisa, who is leading this effort, and John may have additional thoughts.  But we feel this urgency 
– deeply.
 
Thanks again for the note,
Denis.
Press – MSNBC with Ronan Farrow, 
Sept. 5, 2014 – Got note from Tait Sai saying that my interview in Newsweek where I 
said that the Epidemic was “completely out of control” was “10% too hyperbolic”.   Lots 
going on.   USAID assigned Nancy Lindborg to run their shop.   She is pretty good.   Jim 
Kim is exercised that WHO is not doing enough.   Tom Frieden says that the DoD is 
useless since they can never commit to anything.   This is interesting since Cliff Lane 
thinks that they are the only ones that can control this with Command, Control and 
Communications.  
Jim Kim wants to engage me, Paul Farmer, Mark Dybul to see to the clinical care issue 
and incorporating clinical trials into the picture.
Spoke with Tom Frieden today and Tom feels better those things are now moving with 
the $75 million that USAID is putting in.   I believe that Tom was told to tone down the 
rhetoric about this outbreak being totally out of control and that is why he is saying that 
things are on track.   This coincides with Tait telling me that I am 10% too hyperbolic
Did boat-load of print media today.
Sept. 7, 2014 – POTUS said on Meet the Press today the following:
POTUS on Ebola on Meet the Press, 9/7/14:
*Americans should not be concerned about prospects of contagion here in US, short-
term, because it is not airborne disease like the flu.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 365 ---
363
*No public health infrastructure in Liberia/SL/Guinea.
*What should be containable problem is breaking loose, because people aren't being 
quarantined properly, people aren't being trained properly, not enough public health 
workers. 
*We have to make this a national security priority. Mobilize international community, get 
resources in there, get US military assets just to set up isolation units and equipment, and 
provide security for public health workers surging from around the world.
*If we do that, still going to be months before this problem is controllable in Africa. But 
it shouldn't reach our shores. 
*If we don't make that effort now, and this spreads, not just through Africa, but other 
parts of the world. There is the prospect the virus mutates, it becomes more easily 
transmittable. And then it could be serious danger to US. 
*This is example of where US leadership is important in dealing with crisis. But, also 
argument for when I go before Congress, and say let's give some public health aid to 
Liberia. Short term investments now, pay off in the future. 
It now remains to be seen what actually happens.   The POTUS is getting beaten up in the 
polls and by the GOP for his inaction.   He let the Left down by delaying action on 
immigration reform until after the November Congressional elections in a purely political 
cave-in.  He is paralyzed in inaction on bombing ISIS in Syria and in doing nothing to 
stop Putin and the Russians from taking over part of Ukraine.    He is having a bad 
summer.
Yesterday, Mike Gerson contacted Francis Collins in the same manner that he had 
contacted me, asking Francis what he thinks should be done.   Francis responded as I did 
that we should bring in the DoD for their Command, Control and Communications 
capability.   Also, someone needs to be in charge.   John Podesta (Counsellor to the 
POTUS) contacted Mike Gerson asking him what he thinks we should do.   John was 
taken aback by Mike’s Post editorial the other day.   Mike asking Francis/me who should 
be put in charge at the WH.   I suggest any of the following:   David Petraeus, Stanley 
McCrystal, Colin Powell, and Bill Frist.   I doubt if they will choose any of these.   They 
probably will ask Lisa Monaco – head of NSC.   We really need a General.
I believe that we are missing the boat.   USA is missing an opportunity of saving many 
lives and coming across as the savior of West Africa, much like George W. Bush saved 
all of Africa with PEPFAR.
Am getting e-mail from Jim Kim and Paul Farmer asking for my help/advice should they 
get more heavily involved.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 366 ---
364
Sept. 8, 2014 - The situation is evolving rapidly where the Department of HHS is now 
telling us (NIH and others) that things are now going in the right direction and that we do 
not need to have daily phone calls anymore and could probably move them to every week 
or every other week. This is stunning to me since I do not see that anything has really 
changed and it appears to me that they are trying to paint a rosy a picture when things are 
actually getting worse. The reason for this is unclear. It could be that the White House 
has told them to tone down the rhetoric since they do not want to put pressure on the 
President. Also amazing is the fact that even Tom Frieden has told me on the phone that 
things seem to be going in the right direction now and they have work streams and points 
of contact and he is much more optimistic. I cannot believe that he has completely 
changed from the passionate person demanding an overwhelming amount of resources 
and beds to someone who now says everything seems to be going okay. There is 
something very fishy here.   I suspect that HHS has promised him that resources are on 
the way and have told him to cool it.   I will find out what is going on.
Appeared on Diane Rehm show today with Sheri Fink from the New York Times as well 
as Sophie Delaunay from MSF and Mvemba Dizolele from the Democratic Republic of 
the Congo.    Dvemba said that he has been reading about me since he was 16 years old 
and that I was his hero.   He made me feel rather old despite the flattering comment (he is 
right about the age ).  The host was Steve Roberts and we spoke about the drastic 
situation in West Africa. Also appeared on BBC radio. WTOP radio and Reuters TV.  
Although the President has said on Meet the Press that the military will now be involved, 
reports and news outlets such as Reuters quote officers at the level of Colonel saying that 
the military will deliver the 25 bed hospital to Liberia; however, there will not be “boots 
on the ground” of military personnel staffing the hospital. As far as I can see, this is no 
different than what was going on before the President's announcement. There were 
already plans to get a 25 bed hospital shipped by military aircraft to Liberia. I think this is 
a smoke and mirror game in which nothing will get done.
September 9, 2019 - There is a considerable disagreement going on about the role of 
randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials (RCTs) in determining the efficacy and true 
safety of the GSK/NIH chimp adenovirus vaccine. The British in the form of Jeremy 
Farrar Head of Wellcome Trust as well as the WHO (Marie-Paule Kieny) seem to want to 
distribute the vaccine outside of a clinical trial. They are responding to what is an 
emotional need to get some intervention out there even though we have experience to 
indicate that the worst thing that can happen is the widespread application of the vaccine 
or other interventions that  either do not work or actually paradoxically make things 
worse as we have seen with the HIV vaccine experience where a HIV vaccine that looked 
good in preclinical as well as in phase 1 actually increased the risk among the vaccinees 
of HIV acquisition by up to 41%.  This is the worst thing that could happen in the Ebola 
situation. Cliff Lane and I are trying hard to strike a delicate balance between making our 
vaccine available following phase 1 trials which have just started here at NIH and 
continuing to pursue the scientific path of determining if it works and is safe without a 
paradoxical effect of harming.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 367 ---
365
Had an extraordinary conversation with Tom Frieden tonight. Tom had been at a National 
Security Council meeting at the White House today hoping that he would guess an 
indication that they would be many more resources to address the Ebola outbreak. He had 
been secretive about the meeting; I can understand that since I have been at many WH 
meetings where they wanted to keep things secret until they made a decision.  He 
obviously was very disappointed after the meeting since he called me on my cell phone in 
my car as I was driving home late tonight from the NIH. Tom was more animated and 
distressed that I have ever seen him. I knew this to be the case since he used foul 
language (“Fucking ….”) and I have never heard Tom used foul language before. He was 
completely frustrated by the fact that his meeting with the National Security Council and 
representatives from USAID as well as the secretary's office indicated to him that nothing 
new was going to happen and this whole idea about getting the military involved was 
really more PR than anything else. He also found out that Cliff Lane in his role as a 
member of the Defense Medical Board will actually be meeting with Gen. Martin E. 
Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, tomorrow (Wednesday, September 10) 
and he essentially implored me emotionally to get Cliff to emphasize to the Chairmen 
(General Dempsey) that it is absolutely essential that we have a major military presence 
in approaching the epidemic in West Africa. We need plans, thousands of beds, trained 
personnel, Command and control, etc.  Without these assets, Tom feels that the epidemic 
will remain out of control and spread to many countries in West Africa and throughout 
Africa as well as to other countries outside of the African continent. He also indicated to 
me that some people who he did not name were telling the military that they need not get 
involved since vaccines and ZMapp will soon end the epidemic before they even get their 
planes in the air. This is obviously complete nonsense and Tom knows it. He emphasized 
the need to please tell Cliff Lane to tell the Joint Chiefs of Staff that this is not the case. 
Finally, Tom indicated to me that the military are afraid of getting infected because they 
hear that so many healthcare workers are getting infected. He implored me to tell Cliff 
that with proper personal protective equipment there really has been no infections among 
individuals from MSF. This is turning into a very interesting scenario we will see what 
happens tomorrow on September 10 when Cliff actually meets with the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff. I assured Tom that Cliff and I strongly feel the way he does and we both have been 
pushing hard behind the scenes to get the military involved.   In fact, I have been talking 
with Mike Gerson (as has Francis Collins) about approaching John Podesta in the WH to 
get the POTUS to agree to military intervention.   I spoke again with Mike Gerson about 
this today.   After my call with Tom Frieden, I called Cliff and related the story.   I did 
not need to encourage Cliff to say these things since I knew that he would.   I got back to 
Tom and told him that things were on track with Cliff for tomorrow and Tom felt better 
and thanked me for my help. 
In addition today I had conversations on the phone with Paul Farmer who was very 
willing to set up more facilities in West Africa via Partners in Health (they are already in 
Liberia with Raj Punjabi) together with Jim Kim of the World Bank so that we can do 
some good clinical work as well as clinical research. Paul indicated that I did wonders 
with PEPFAR, and that he would like to partner with me to do some good with Ebola.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 368 ---
366
Sept. 10, 2014 - The debate still continues as to whether or not we will have military 
assistance in dealing with the Ebola epidemic in West Africa. There is a disturbing lack 
of transparency between HHS and us here at NIH in that they are obviously negotiating at 
the level of the National Security Council and the Department of Defense about what to 
do in the epidemic without telling Francis Collins or me what is actually going on. In the 
meantime, Cliff Lane as a long-term member of the Medical Defense Board of the 
Department of Defense has met with Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff today. Cliff relates to me that Gen. Dempsey seemed quite receptive to 
Cliff's pleading for a massive military logistic support for the Ebola situation in West 
Africa. Also at that meeting with the Joint Chiefs was Laurie Garrett, because of her prior 
experience with Ebola epidemics. According to Cliff, Laurie also pleaded for a massive 
military effort.
      It should be noted that today another important event occurred in which the President 
announced at a TV appearance that he will initiate a scaled up military attack on ISIS (he 
calls it ISIL)  including their assets in Syria. He declared that ISIS is a threat to the 
Middle East, the surrounding regions, and the United States and Europe, largely due to 
the fact that they have publicly said that they will attack Western nations. This is a 
particularly important problem because many Westerners with Western passports and 
Visas including those from the United States have joined ISIS. The President stated that 
he would not include ground troops in this effort. However it is clear that Special Forces 
will be needed to guide the air attacks. The press is sharply criticizing the POTUS for 
having no plan, missing prior opportunities, and now doing too little, too late.  More later. 
I bring this up because this is certainly a complicating issue when you are also asking the 
military to help with Ebola outbreak.
Had a momentous evening today in that I gave a keynote lecture at the PhRMA Research 
and Hope Awards Gala at the Mellon Auditorium on Constitution Ave. It was particularly 
important because the other speaker was former Pres. George W. Bush. We resumed our 
warm personal relationship in that when he entered a small room of VIPs to shake hands 
and take pictures as soon as he walked into the room he caught my eye and said out loud 
for everyone to hear: “Hey, Tony it's great to see you”. He gave me a big hug; we took 
pictures; chatted a bit and then when he was on the stage for his talk which was actually a 
conversation with a moderator, the first thing he said is that:  “We have with us tonight 
my friend Tony Fauci. I gave Tony the Presidential Medal of Freedom several years ago. 
I did that because you should know that he is one of the most important American heroes 
of our time.”   It was extraordinarily flattering, but this is exactly the way he has been 
treating me for years. The talk that I gave was entitled ending the HIV-AIDS pandemic: a 
realistic goal. Overall the evening was very pleasant. I sat down next to my old friend 
form NIH director Elias Zerhouni and the evening was full of warm praise by many 
people for me and what I have been doing with HIV over the last many years. 
Sept. 14, 2014 - A lot has happened over the past few days. There has been a 
considerable amount of disorganization, diffusion, and lack of direction at the level of 
HHS as well as the rest of the USG (USAID, DoS, etc.). It has been announced that the 
President will visit the CDC on Tuesday, September 16. It is anticipated that he will 
announce that the United States military will get heavily involved in the response to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 369 ---
367
Ebola by providing up to 1700 hospital beds as well as the logistics for transportation and 
provision of equipment. However, it is very clear that they will not provide medical 
personnel in the form of doctors and nurses. This might leave us with the situation in 
which we have equipment but the inability to implement it. HHS (Leslie Dach) is 
desperately trying to figure out ways to recruit and train medical personnel to man the 
hospitals.   Of note, it might take up to 8 weeks to get these hospitals operational, if in 
fact, the US military decides to send them. 
      The situation in the West African countries is still dire. I have been on the phone 
discussing this on multiple occasions over the past few days with Paul Farmer and Mike 
Gerson.   Paul will be leaving tomorrow, September 15, for Liberia in order to set up 
hospitals under the auspices of Partners in Health, the organization that Paul and Jim Kim 
founded many years ago. Francis Collins, Cliff Lane, and I are still pushing HHS to 
suggest that there be a person in the White House who would be the overall Director and 
point person for the government's Ebola efforts. I have suggested to Francis and Francis 
has suggested to the secretary that that person either be someone like Gen. David 
Petraeus, Gen. Stanley McCrystal, or even former majority Senate leader Bill Frist. 
Again, I am concerned about the lack of organization, direction, and commitment on the 
part of the department as well as the White House. The President is having a very 
difficult time in that he is being pressured to respond firmly to the threat of ISIS in the 
Middle East. I feel that this pressure may make him and the administration less 
enthusiastic about getting heavily involved with the Ebola issue.
     Nicki Lurie, who is a good person and a friend, is making things more confusing by 
trying to suggest how to do clinical trials, train people and other tasks when she knows 
little about these issues.   She is an Assistant Secretary and so officially she outranks us 
all (me, Peggy Hamburg, Francis Collins, Tom Frieden); yet, she gets in the way more 
often than not.   Had a long conversation about this with Peggy Hamburg on the phone 
today.   Paul Farmer is encouraging me to continue to push the envelope to get the USG 
to do more.   Paul is showing an amazing amount of faith in me that I can fix this.   He is 
basing this on his experience with me with PEPFAR.   However, this is different since 
there are so many “cooks” in this process.
Sept. 15, 2014 – Mike Gerson called me up again this AM wanted to find out if I knew 
anything more about the POTUS planned announcement at CDC tomorrow regarding 
increased resources (DoD) for Ebola.   Mike is driven by his deep humanitarian values 
and wanting to nudge the administration to do more.  Mike will speak with Lisa Monaco 
today about administration plans.   I gave him a few questions to ask Lisa, i.e. who is in 
charge?
Sept. 16, 2014 – I helped Mike gerson last night on certain elements of his column which 
appeared today in the Washington Post. Mike used several of my phrases and called for 
an escalated effort in various areas of need including US Military command-and-control, 
transportation, logistics, and supplies. Last night the White House sent out an embargoed 
fact sheet about what the President will announce today at the CDC. He will make the 
announcement at 4:45 PM. I will be testifying before the Senate  HELP committee and 
the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee from 2:30 PM until about 4:30 PM. There are a 
large number of press including CNN with Wolf Blitzer,Hhardball with Chris Matthews, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 370 ---
368
an MSNBC who want to speak to me about the President's announcement and the 
implications of the announcement. As usual the White House is very nervous about 
having anybody speaking to the press before or on the day that the president makes an 
announcement. Therefore I am getting a lot of grief from the communications people 
downtown and at the White House about all of the requests for me to appear on the 
media. By grief I mean that they are not clearing me nor are they refusing me. They are 
just keeping me hanging, which usually means that the requests will be withdrawn by the 
media people themselves and they will find someone else. This is typical stupidity on the 
part of the White House and HHS.
With regard to the announcement of the President, he is proposing many of the things that 
I and several of my colleagues have been pushing for. This includes 3000 personnel, a 
command-and-control center in Monrovia, Liberia, a US Army general in charge of the 
process. The supply of 17 Ebola Treatment Units  consisting of 100 beds per unit, much 
personal protective equipment, an education program, home health care kits, home test 
kits, among many other things that are much needed. Hopefully, this will turn around the 
trajectory of the epidemic. However it will depend on how quickly they get this material 
on the ground. I am off to the congressional committees. More later.
Sept. 17, 2014 – Big day yesterday.   POTUS announced military involvement in Ebola 
at CDC at the same time that I was testifying before a joint Senate Hearing of the HELP 
Committee and the Appropriations Committee.   I testified with Beth Bell from CDC 
(Tom Frieden was at CDC with the POTUS visit), and Robin Robinson.   I was 
questioned on the POTUS plan, the scope of the epidemic and the possibility of 
respiratory/aerosol spread of the virus.   The latter was triggered by Mike Osterholm’s (as 
usual provocative and attention-getting) statement that the virus could mutate and spread 
by respiratory and that would be the end of the world.   Typical Mike Osterholm.   I have 
been countering this with a reality check about likelihood versus hypothetical.   Senators 
at the Hearing were Dems: Tom Harkin, Patty Murray, Dick Durbin, Jack Reed, Mark 
Pryor, Barbara Mikulski, Bob Casey, Al Franken, Sheldon Whitehouse, Tammy Baldwin, 
Chris Murphy and Elizabeth Warren  and GOPs:  Jerry Moran, Thad Cochran, Lamar 
Alexander, Richard Burr, Johnny Isaacson, John Boozman.   Kent Brantley was witness 
on second panel.
Another example of the WH and HHS press people messing up.   They would not let me 
go on the many press requests (CNN, NBC, etc.) since they wanted Lisa Monaco (NSC) 
to go on.   As it turned out, she was with the POTUS in his motorcade in Atlanta and so 
no one from USG went on and the media was saturated with the usual suspects (Laurie 
Garrett, Mike Osterholm, etc.)   The WH and HHS press people are truly a bunch of idiot 
amateurs.
Sept. 18, 2014 – Yesterday had Hearing before the House Subcommittee on Foreign 
Affairs (Africa) chaired by Chris Smith.   On the GOP side were: Stockman, meadows, 
Burgess, Royce (Chair of Full Committee).   On Dems side was:  Bass, Cicilline, Engel, 
and McCollum.   My co-witnesses were Nancy Lindborg (USAID), Luciana (Lu) Borio 
(FDA), Beth Bell (CDC).   Recurring question was “Who is in charge?”    Real answer is 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 371 ---
369
that multiple agencies/people are in charge depending whether it is health, infection 
control, logistics, etc.   Kent Brantley again was on the second panel.   
Still much interest and interviews with written press and blogs over the ongoing 
“disagreement” between Osterholm and me on the issue of the virus mutating to 
respiratory spread.   Ian Lipkin gave an interview on CNN agreeing with me and putting 
down Osterholm.
 
Meanwhile, the House voted to give POTUS authority to arm the Syrian Free Army to 
fight ISIS.
The situation continues to heat up with various mathematical models projecting anywhere 
from 20,000 to 100,000 to a soon to be published CDC model that would indicate if we 
do not have a highly effective control program, the number of cases could reach 500,000 
within several months.
 September 19, 2014 - I continue to do small amount of press (as the press is getting 
some fatigue with the same story) with Swedish National TV interview as well as a FOX 
news appearance. Of note is the fact that the White House communications people are 
acting in a very bizarre way. During the past week I have been receiving requests for 
appearances on a variety of TV shows for the upcoming weekend including CNN and 
MSNBC on Saturday, September 20, as well as Face the Nation and Fox news on 
Sunday, September 21. The White House has refused to say yes or no to clearance and 
despite multiple requests on the part of our communications people, namely, Courtney 
Billet and Patty Conrad, we have not received a positive or negative reply for clearance. 
This has gone on into the late evening of Friday, September 19 despite the fact that the 
programmers were waiting for me to be on shows on Saturday. This is an absolute 
unacceptable disgrace.  The White House because of their inability to decide what should 
go out on the weekends and their extraordinary and unexplainable need to control all 
messages is putting all of us in the embarrassing position of being unresponsive to 
legitimate media requests to discuss things that are not in conflict with anything else the 
administration is doing. This is unequivocally the worst administration I have ever dealt 
with when it comes to the need to control the media.
This evening I had a very intense and somewhat poignant conversation with Tom Frieden 
at 9 PM to 10 PM concerning how we are going to approach the issue of vaccines. Tom 
still has considerable concern about a truly randomized controlled trial to determine the 
efficacy of the vaccine when the control is not one of the vaccines themselves. He 
continues to struggle with the fact that we are not going to be able to get efficacy data 
unless we do have a control arm which conflicts with the emotional need to get vaccine to 
everyone as soon as possible. The difficulty here is that we might in fact truly need an 
effective vaccine if the epidemic continues to expand and reaches the CDC projected 
model of 500,000 cases within the next several months. Under those circumstances we 
will absolutely need an effective vaccine and if we do not know if it is effective it will be 
very difficult to widely distribute it. This is a painful dilemma that hopefully we can work 
out.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 372 ---
370
I have been discussing this by e-mail with Paul Farmer who is currently in Monrovia, 
Liberia. Paul is very sensitive to the fact that we need to do research to determine the 
efficacy of the vaccine and feels that we can pull this off in Liberia with a properly run 
trial. In this regard, the Minister of Health of Liberia has actually requested collaboration 
with the NIH in doing research on therapeutics and vaccines. It is going to be a difficult 
struggle to reconcile the emotional need of many people (in some respects including Tom 
Frieden) to distribute vaccine at the same time that we are not sure if it actually works or 
even paradoxically causes harm. I will continue to pursue discussions of clinical trial 
designs that might be able to get us where we need to be, i.e. proving efficacy at the same 
time as making vaccine available as quickly as possible.
Sept. 20, 2014 – Went to reception tonight at the home of Hilary Rosen (Democratic 
pundit) at 4835 Hutchins Place, N.W. to welcome Megan Smith former VP at Google as 
the White House Chief Technology Officer.   All the usual Washington glitterati were 
their (some examples: Judy Woodruff, Al Hunt, Andrea Mitchell, Bob Barnett, Tammy 
Haddad, Hunter and Kathleen Biden, etc.   Megan is very impressive (MIT grad; Google 
exec) and we discussed the potential use of technology to address the Ebola epidemic – 
cell phone distribution, GPS tracking devices.  Hopefully, she can help.
Indeed, neither a yes or no from the WH and HHS regarding the requests for my 
appearances on TV over the weekend and so I did not appear.   Instead, Face the Nation 
had Richard Schaffner from Vanderbilt and MNNBC had Laurie Garrett.   This 
administration are a bunch of idiots.
Sept. 21, 2014 -  Had call at home from Leslie Dach wanting my opinion about a 
“dispute’ between USAID and Tom Frieden about home care versus community based 
care of people with Ebola or suspected of Ebola in situations where the ETUs are full.  I 
backed Tom who feels that doing it at home would be counter-productive.   Leslie now 
relying on me as “the adult in the room” according to Peggy Hamburg.
Sept. 22, 2014 – Tait Sye from HHS not giving me clearance to appear on CNN-Wolf 
Blitzer because “CDC will be putting out an MMWR today”.   What morons!!   I just 
cannot believe this administration.   I must write about this in my book.  They so 
inappropriately try to control “messages” that they are laughable.
POTUS decides to bomb ISIS in Syria.   Ebola numbers expanding.
Had another night time call with Tom Frieden trying to iron out the RCT issue.   Also, 
Tom is very frustrated with Nicki Lurie, saying that having her around and involved in 
conversations is always counter-productive.   Also, he is frustrated with Sec. Burwell, 
feeling that she seems only to want to “check the boxes” instead of getting involved in 
important decisions.
Sept. 23, 2014 -  Still working with Tom Frieden in trying to get agreement on whether 
to conduct an RCT of the vaccine.   Tom remains concerned about a true control 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 373 ---
371
(placebo) arm and wants to do a Stepped-Wedge trial of sequentially vaccinated different 
cohorts without the simultaneous double blind control group.
This evening went to the Annual Friends of cancer Research Awards Ceremony on the 
roof of the Hay-Adams Hotel.   Gov. Deval Patrick of Massachusetts and Gov. Bobby 
Jindal of Louisiana received awards.   Had good conversation with Gov. Patrick.
Sept. 24, 2014 - On the last Secretary’s call, Burwell tasked me to get the HHS team 
together and fashion out a consensus about the way forward following ending of phase 1 
vaccine trial at NIH.   I had long conversation with Tom Frieden this AM and he is 
starting to come around.   Seems he will be OK with an RCT simultaneously done with a 
Stepped-Wedge Trial.  I arranged a conference call at 5:30 PM with me, Tom, Nicki 
Lurie, Peggy Hamburg, Lu Borio, and Anne Schuchat.   We came to agreement that we 
will do the two trials (RCT + Stepped Wedge) simultaneously.   CDC (Anne and Tom) 
feel that the RCT may be so difficult to implement that the Stepped-Wedge approach 
might give us some information, while the RCT could fail.   Cliff and I feel just the 
opposite.   However, in order to get things moving, we came to a compromise.   I will 
report this to the HHS Secretary’s call tomorrow.
Continue to have press interest:  Bloomberg News TV; WTOP Radio; pre-show interview 
with CBS 60 Minutes for future show.
Sept. 25, 2014 – Did MSNBC this AM as a commentary immediately following the 
POTUS statement before the UN on Ebola.   He gave his speech and then I was asked to 
comment.   Of course, I supported what he said (since he said the right things – all 
nations must pitch in).
Sept. 26, 2014 – Learned at 4:00 PM this afternoon that the NIH Clinical Center will be 
accepting for observation in our special studies unit an American physician who had a 
moderate risk exposure to Ebola in Sierra Leone (clean needle puncture through a 
contaminated glove).  We scrambled around over the evening preparing press statements 
and plans.  Patient will arrive on Sunday, Sept. 28.
Sept. 27, 2014 – Did FOX News and CNN today (Saturday) on regular Ebola issues.  
Also, much press coming in since the press release went out today on the patient arriving 
from Sierra Leone.   In this regard, I did CBS Radio News; NPR background; WUSA –
Channel 9 TV; various print outlets.   Likely much more tomorrow.
Sept. 28, 2014 – Patient arrived this afternoon (~3:00 PM) from Sierra Leone.   State 
Department arranged his transportation.   He was given the VSV vaccine as a post-
exposure prophylaxis, which neither Cliff nor I would necessarily have done since it 
induces a fever and can complicate matters.   Indeed, he developed a fever 24 hours after 
receiving the VSV vaccine.    The Patient, Dr. Lewis Rubinson, is admitted to the Special 
Studies Unit of the Clinical Center on the 5th Floor.      Very little of the circus that we 
saw when Dr. Brantley and Nancy Rightbol were admitted to Emory, i.e. no helicopters 
or TV trucks.   I did do a few interviews (some pre-scheduled even before the patient was 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 374 ---
372
known to come to NIH.   Did interviews for: MSNBC, NBC Network, NPR Radio; Fox5 
TV, CBS Radio
Sept. 29, 2014 – No evidence of infection in the patient.  Much press today:  CNN; 
Weather Channel TV; USA Today TV and ONLINE; 1 hour at the WTOP Studio with 
questions from staff Deborah Feinstein and Bruce Alan; CBS Radio; FOX5 TV; CBS 
TV; AP TV; Channel 8 News TV
Sept. 30, 2014 – Word from the WHO meeting in Geneva is that people are starting to 
come around to our (Cliff, me, Lu Borio) idea about the necessity of conducting an RCT 
rather than open access for the Ebola vaccine.   A story about me with picture appeared in 
USA today with my saying that it is critical to greatly accelerate our efforts or else the 
Ebola epidemic will evolve into the “worst case scenario” of the CDC prediction of 1.4 
million cases by early 2015.
Oct. 1, 2014 – Big news!   A patient (Thomas Duncan) from Liberia got on a plane on 
Sept. 19, arrived in USA (Texas) on Sept. 20 without sxs.  On Sept. 24 developed sxs; on 
Sept. 26 went to an ER in Dallas and was given Z-pack and sent home; on Sept. 28 taken 
to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital (Dallas) in critical condition.   Ebola dx confirmed.   
This is first patient to come to USA with Ebola who did not know he/she had Ebola.   
Soemthing that I have been predicting all along.  
On conference call with Secretary Burwell, I indicated that after Tom Frieden’s press 
conference at 5:30 PM yesterday (Sept. 30) there were many requests from the press.   On 
the phone a CDC person said that this is Tom’s responsibility.   Burwell snapped at the 
person saying that we need Tony out there and this is no time to be arguing about 
“people’s lanes”.   Finally, someone put an end to that bullshit.   Thanks, Sylvia!   Sylvia 
asked me on the phone to cancel my planned trip for today to San Francisco to partake in 
a Gala to celebrate UCSF’s Global Health program.   Also, I was going to see Ali.  I, of 
course, obliged and Sylvia said that she wanted me to take the lead in “Calming the 
Country” that will certainly panic about this. She asked me to lead a teleconference last 
night at 9:00 PM with HHS to discuss the clinical aspects of what this means. 
 And so there is much press today:  Bloomberg News TV by phone; AP Radio; CNN 
New Day; FOX News TV; NPR Here and Now; multiple print media and blogs → AFP; 
New York Daily News; Washington Post., BuzzFeed; Wall Street Journal;  Also, Doctor 
radio with Marc Siegel; Time Magazine; The Guardian; The Huffington Post; CNN 
International (I was cut off by satellite issue); Bloomberg TV; CNN “The Lead” with 
Jake Tapper; WBZ/CBS Radio Boston; MSNBC Hardball with Chris Matthews; NBC 
Nightly News; FOX with Lou Dobbs; CNN Anderson Cooper 360; WUSA Channel 9.
As it turns out, and this was discussed at length on my TV interviews, on the Sept. 26 
visit of Duncan to the ER, a nurse took a travel history and Duncan explicitly said that he 
told the nurse that he had just arrived from Liberia.  The nurse wrote this down, but the 
clinical team either did not see it or ignored it.   It is being played up on TV as a major 
mis-step on the part of the local health system.  I continue to “calm the country” by 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 375 ---
373
stressing that contact tracing with appropriate isolation if a contact develops sxs will 
prevent an outbreak from occurring.
Oct. 2, 2014 – Media frenzy continues.   The Texas patient continues to dominate the 
news.  The media is really pouncing on the Texas hospital for dropping the ball in 
sending the patient home with Z-Pack even though the patient explicitly told the nurse 
that he had just arrived from Liberia and had sxs of Ebola.   Also, the system is being 
criticized because they are unable to remove the waste from the hospital (license and 
contract issues) as well as from the room where Duncan slept with his girlfriend and her 
children.   Amazingly, the girlfriend and children are being legally quarantined (armed 
guard at door) in the room with the soiled sheets and towels still in the room unable to be 
removed.   Texas is being blasted by the media.   I am trying to add some rationale calm 
to the dialogue.
Today’s media:  MSNBC with “Morning Joe”; CNN “New Day”; MSNBC – Jose Diaz-
Belart; LBC (UK) radio; Hearst TV; MSNBC Reid report; Reuters TV; Fox News; BBC 
Radio; BBC World News with Katty Kay; CNN Wolf Blitzer; Canadian TV; MSNBC 
with Rachel Maddow
Rachel Maddow was wonderful on the interview.   After I signed off, she told the 
audience how honored she was that I went on her show and what an amazing person I 
was.
Oct. 3, 2014 – Had very interesting day today.   Sylvia Burwell and Leslie Dach asked 
me to join Sylvia at a Press Conference at the White House Press Room at 4:30 PM to 
calm the country’s increasing fear and anxiety around Ebola , particularly related to the 
mess-ups in Texas (see above).   I was on the podium with Sylvia Matthews, Raj Shah, 
Lisa Monaco (Director, NSC) and Gen David Rodriguez of Africa Command.   I received 
many, many e-mails commending me on my performance as a straight talker while the 
others were perceived as typical political appointees.   I actually thought that Sylvia did a 
very good job.   Lisa was a little double talking.   
Also, Mike Leavitt (former Secretary of HHS) called me to be briefed on Ebola.
Did much press, but had to cancel Wolf Blitzer and Jim Sciutto from CNN because of 
unexpected conflict with the WH Press Conference.
Press included:  FOX News; CBS TV; CNN with Sanjay Gupta; Chris Hayes at MSNBC
Oct. 4, 2014 – Some drama today.  A 35 year old man and his 5 yo daughter (Liberian 
Green card lives in New Jersey) flying from Monrovia on United Airlines to Brussels and 
then United to Newark.   Man throws up on the Brussels – Newark flight.  When plane 
lands CDC person on the ground judges that the person does not have Ebola and 
recommends that he be taken to hospital for checkup and releases the other passengers.   
To Tom Frieden’s great dismay, the White House (Lisa Monaco) and Sylvia Burwell 
over-rule CDC decision and have Hazmat remove man and daughter to hospital and call 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 376 ---
374
back the released passengers who were already either on the way home or boarding 
connecting flights in order to get their contact information and pass out forms telling 
them what to do if they get fever or sxs.   Sylvia asked me to be on conference call 
discussing this with Lisa Monaco, Sec. Jay Johnson of DHS, Leslie Dach, Jennifer 
Palmieri of White House Comms and NSC Rand Beers and Ned Price.   Decision on first 
call was to find out the clinical judgment of the hospital staff as to whether this person 
might have Ebola.   If they felt there was a risk, they would do Ebola PCR, which would 
take 2 hours for primary result and up to 72 hours for confirmation.  Decided to wait for 
second call in 2 hours.   In between calls I called Tom Frieden to offer to help him out.   
He was greatly distressed that the WH and Sylvia over-ruled CDC and called the 
passengers back since the CDC person on the ground felt that the man did not have 
Ebola.   He said he cannot do his job if he is being second-guessed by the Secretary and 
her team.   He even spoke about resigning.   I told him that this was ridiculous and that I 
would try to help him by speaking with Leslie and Sylvia.   Also, Sylvia and Sec. 
Johnson (DHS) want to institute entry screening with questioning and temperature-
taking.   There is already exit screening at the West African airports and Tom is against 
repeating things just to make people feel good.   Sylvia and Leslie want my opinion and I 
will speak with Leslie tonight about this.   
     On the second call at 5:30 PM (beautiful Fall day in DC with clear skies and 70 F), it 
was disclosed that the Jersey hospital found that the patient had no fever or abnormal 
labs; felt good; and had had an episode of vertigo.   The patient will be released without 
restrictions and the passengers will be told that all is clear.    Tom is beside himself.
Also had long conversation with Mike Gerson today briefing him on story he is writing 
about the complexities of doing a vaccine trial for Ebola – scientific and ethical issues.
Press today →  NBC Today Show Weekend Edition; MSNBC with Alex Witt; PBS 
NewsHour Weekend Edition
Oct. 5, 2014 – It is interesting that with the 24 hour News Cycle has created its own 
dynamic.   Today (Sunday) the national news was totally dominated by Ebola.   Now the 
questions center around whether we should do entry screening as passengers get off the 
plane from West Africa even though there is exit screening at the west African airports 
with temperature taking and questionnaires.   DHS and some Congressmen want 
temperature taking at the entry level also, which would only cut the window of 
vulnerability down by hours that the person is on the plane.   Yet, there will be a meeting 
at the White House today to discuss entry screening.  Frieden is against it, but he is going 
to lose the argument.   Leslie Dach and Sylvia asked me yesterday what I thought about 
it.   I told them that it would be for PR reasons only since it really substantively makes no 
difference.   
I went on the Sunday Shows today with FOX News with Chris Wallace and face the 
Nation.   Tom Frieden did This Week and Meet the press and State of the Union.   
Questions were related to Rand Paul and Bobby Jindal saying that we should shut down 
flights from West Africa.   I totally disagreed.   Also, there was concern on Rand Paul’s 
part that our 3000 to 4000 troops that we are sending to West Africa will get infected and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 377 ---
375
bring Ebola back to the USA.  Ridiculous.   I got many congratulatory e-mails from 
people telling me how well I did on the Sunday Shows.   In the evening, I did CNN.
Oct. 6, 2014 – White House meeting discussed increased entry screening, but no firm 
recommendations to date.   Big 24 hour News topic is whether to close the borders to 
West African flights.   I have been very vocally against this (as had Tom Frieden) since it 
will only isolate the West African countries and make them less able to deal with the 
epidemic.   It could cause political instability and even government collapse.   In my 
interviewers over the past 2 days I have said that to interviewers as good as Chris 
Wallace and as less experiences as Elizabeth Hasselbeck of FOX News.   Two things 
have resulted:1) I am getting a lot of hate mail from crazy neo-Nazi types who say that 
we should not care about dysfunctional black Africans.   In addition, bloggers are 
cheering me on about taking on the right wing news people about closing the borders.   I 
do not feel that I have “taken them on”; I have just told them my opinion.   Bloggers have 
been particularly hard on Elizabeth Hasselbeck saying she was completely over-matched 
in her interview with me.   I did not know beforehand, but she apparently has been a star 
on “Survivor” and “The Voice” TV Shows.  She clearly is very beautiful, and I do not 
think that she is stupid the way the bloggers are saying.
Press appearances today:  CNN New Day; Fox and Friends (Elizabeth Hasselbeck); 
Diane Rehm Show; MSNBC; PBS The NewsHour (Jeff Green)
Seems that we (Cliff and I) have won the battle to convince people that we need to do an 
RCT for an Ebola Vaccine.
Oct. 7, 2014 – Continued media frenzy.   Each day they pick something else to hammer 
into the ground.   Topic today is the POTUS considering increasing the level of screening 
by possibly introducing “entry” screening with temperature and questionnaire.  
Discussions divided along ideological lines.   Right wing saying to close borders; execute 
or euthanize African patients.   I have been on the air stressing the lack of rationale for 
closing the borders of African countries not permitting travel.   For the first time since the 
old AIDS days, I am getting hate mail telling me to go “rot in hell”.   Also, the right wing 
bloggers who comment online after my TV clips are shown online are trashing me calling 
me a liberal asshole selling out to Obama and his socialist views and liberal leanings.   
Very weird stuff here.
More press today →  CNN New Day; Wilson Center teleconference (call in); WTOP 
Radio; MSNBC (Ronan Farrow); WCBS radio New York; FOX with Lou Dobbs; Alan 
Colmes Radio Show
Oct. 8, 2014 – Media frenzy continues.   White House came out today and indicated 
increased layer of screening at airport on the arrival/entry level with: 1) temperatures; 2) 
questionnaire about contacts; 3) presence of sxs; 4) quarantine if necessary.   The White 
House in its ridiculous need to control the message will not let Tom Frieden or I do any 
TV today (OK for tomorrow) since they only want DHS out there delivering the message.
Hate mail continues as well as just criticism from far right.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 378 ---
376
Somewhat embarrassing AM phone call today on the HHS teleconference with Sylvia, 
Tom Frieden, Peggy Hamburg, me, Nicki Lurie, etc.   Tom was concerned that with the 
POTUS announcement at 3:00 PM that they would not be able to implement the 4 items 
(see above) at the chosen airports of Kennedy, O’Hare, Dulles, Atlanta, and Newark 
within the next couple of days.   He expressed this to Sylvia and she argued that they 
would have to do it since they told the White House at the last meeting with them that 
they would.   Tom said that this was not his understanding and he was afraid that there 
might be some embarrassing slip-ups.   Sylvia was not pleased and in her usual gentle 
way made it clear that CDC would have to make it happen.   Very awkward moment on 
the phone.
Oct. 9, 2014 – Mor of the same.   Thomas Duncan (Dallas patient) died today.   Black 
community led by Jesse Jackson saying that he go suboptimal care because he is black 
(surprise, surprise for Jesse).  Ton Frieden mad a statement at a World Bank meeting that 
Ebola could be the next AIDS.  The press is jumping all over that and I am trying to bail 
him out by saying that there are very many dissimilarities and the major similarity is the 
fear associated with the early years of AIDS.  
Much Press today – CNBC (Sqwauk Box); FOX Business with Varney and Company; 
MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell; CNN with Wolf Blitzer X 2; AP TV.
Oct. 10, 2014 – Sylvia Burwell calls me at 7:45 AM concerned about the media coverage 
of Tom Frieden’s statement comparing Ebola to HIV/AIDS.   Wants me to speak with 
Tom to get him to understand the problem with this statement.   Called Tom right away 
and discussed with him.   He now gets it and realizes that he should not have said it that 
way.   I told him that the comparison is strong regarding the fear, but the magnitude and 
other aspects are very different.
  Continued doing much press → WTOP Radio; MSNBC with Craig Melvin; PBS 
Charlie Rose;
Has interesting dinner hosted at the Fiola Mare (on 3050 K Street, N.W.) by Catherine 
and Wayne Reynolds.   Usual DC Glitterati there.   Had great conversation with ex-CIA 
Director Mike Hayden about what is going on with ISIS.   He joked that the Ebola 
situation and me on TV is bumping ISIS of the media coverage.   Great idea by Wayne 
Reynolds.   Wolf Blitzer was at the dinner and Wayne (at the end of the dinner right 
before dessert had Wolf “interview” me in front of the people sitting at dinner just as if 
we were on the CNN TV set.   The dinner crowd loved it.   It was fun.
Oct. 11, 2014 – Saturday conference call with Sylvia.  Implementation of additional 
screening started at JFK Airport.   Issue of a nurse who took care of Duncan may be 
infected.   More later on that.   Typical situation of what we will see more of especially as 
we approach the flu season.   Everyone who has a fever, exposed or not thinks that they 
have Ebola.
Press → NBC Today (Weekend); MSNBC with Alex Witt; PBS The NewsHour 
(Weekend)
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 379 ---
377
Oct 12, 2014 (Sunday)  - A very important issue that arose this weekend. Very early in 
the morning at approximately 5:45 t0 6:00 AM, I received an e-mail from Leslie Dach 
that there would be a conference call with Sylvia, Lisa Monaco, White House Comms 
(Palmieri), Tom Frieden, me, etc.  about a breaking situation. A nurse (turned out to be 
Nina Pham – see below) who had been caring for Mr. Duncan at the Dallas hospital 
reported to be ill. It is felt that there was likely an innocent, inadvertent breaking of 
protocol on the part of the nurse. She had taken direct care of Mr. Duncan during very 
serious parts of his illness including hemodialysis, intubation, and insertion of a rectal 
tube. The nurse became febrile on Friday evening, reported to authorities on Saturday, the 
preliminary Ebola test was done on Saturday and the results came back positive on 
Sunday (today), subsequently confirmed by CDC.   I was just getting ready to go on the 
Sunday morning shows today  when the phone call came to discuss what approach we 
would take. This ignited an extraordinary media frenzy in which Tom Frieden.  I was 
virtually on every show. I was on "This Week" on ABC as well as "Meet the Press" as 
well as CNN "State of the Union" as well as evening CNN. There is now considerable 
concern in the country that the United States government keeps saying that we are 
prepared and then something like this happens which creates a credibility gap. I have 
been intensively emphasizing on my interviews that we need to distinguish between the 
unlikelihood that there will be an outbreak which still does not change since the contact 
tracing that has been done with the Duncan case is working and there is a good umbrella 
over and identification of the people who were contacts and they are currently being 
monitored either actively or on their own. This needs to be distinguished from a 
inadvertent breach of protocol in which a healthcare worker has gotten infected which is 
bad for health care workers but really has nothing to do with an outbreak in the country. I 
have been continually expressing this in my interviews.  
One issue that has come up is a concern on the part of nurses throughout the country that 
the use of the term "breach" in protocol implies that the nurses are to blame and this 
nurse in particular was to blame. I have been very active in emphasizing that this is not 
the case that this is an inadvertent, innocent, "breach" of protocol and that we need to 
intensify the training for the nurses. The nurses themselves have said that they are 
inadequately trained and although the protocol might be a good protocol, they are not 
trained to implement the protocol. The CDC has responded by being very proactive in 
increasing their training with webinars, conference calls, and active visits on the part of  
CDC staff to the involved hospital in Dallas as well as to anywhere else where this 
situation might arise.
Press - This Week (ABC); Meet the Press, CNN State of the Union; CNN evening.
Oct.13, 2014 – One of the busiest press days that I have had.   Media frenzy at high pitch.   
Much, much criticism of the USG and CDC is particular saying that the USG and CDC 
keep telling us we have everything under control and still there are many mis-steps.  I 
have been calmly explaining on TV and radio that people should not conflate what is 
working, i.e. the lack of an outbreak because of the proper implementation of isolation 
and care of Ebola patients and the infection of a health care worker.   Clearly, HCWs are 
not implementing the CDC PPE protocol.   CDC people went down to Dallas and the 
HCWS are doing a lot of things incorrectly.  Thus, the ability of our hospital to recognize 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 380 ---
378
(dropped the ball with  Duncan on the first ER visit) and treat Ebola safely (infected 
health care worker) is not working well.   Clearly, HCWs have not really been properly 
trained and although they believe that they are following protocol, they are not.   The 
outbreak still rages in West Africa.
Today (Oct. 13) a second nurse who had taken care of Mr. Duncan had a couple of days 
ago flown home to Cleveland and had not had any sxs or fever.   While is Cleveland, she 
developed a temperature of 99.3 F.   The CDC cut-off is 101 F.   The nurse (Amber 
Vinson) called the CDC and asked if she could fly home and the CDC person cleared her 
to fly.   When she got to Dallas, it was clear that she was febrile and that theoretically, 
she had exposed the passengers on the flight from Cleveland back to Dallas.   Major, 
major lapse in judgment on the part of CDC in letting her fly since she did not fulfill the 
precise definition of febrile.   Now a massive contact tracing of the passengers is taking 
place with many of them already having taken connecting flights.   This is causing a 
major crisis of confidence in the CDC and specifically for Tom Frieden.
 The fact that the CDC gave her permission to fly back to Dallas was made public on 
Oct. 15
Sylvia called me on my cell after a TV show and asked me to help her prepare over the 
phone for her media interviews the next day.   She also tasked me to write 2 memos for 
her to the POTUS to explain why PCR screening at airports is not a good idea (Bill Gates 
suggested this to the POTUS) and also the explain to the POTUS what we are doing with 
therapies (a Senator told him that HHS is not doing enough on therapies.
Press →  CNN New Day; WTOP radio; Fox and Friends; NBC News; MSNBC with 
Andrea Mitchell; CBS Evening News; MSNBC Hardball with Chris Matthews; CNN 
with Wolf Blitzer; FOX News with Megyn Kelly; Good Morning America with Robin 
Roberts.
Oct. 14, 2014 – USG criticism high.   Bill O’Reilly calling for resignation of Tom 
Frieden.  I meet by phone with the New York Times Editorial Board.   Also, I do NBC 
Nightly News, Fox News with Greta Van Susteren and MSNBC with Rachel Maddow.   
After I got off the air, Rachel tells her audience how proud she was of herself to have 
gotten me on her show since I was such an icon in medicine and public health.
Oct. 14 -21, 2014 - From October 14 through October 21, the situation was so intense 
that I do not have time to document historical notes on a day by day basis. I am only 
doing this retrospectively now and will give dates as I recall. However over this period of 
time in light of the crisis of confidence against CDC and Tom Frieden related to a 
number of issues culminated by the fact that Amber Vinson was allowed to fly back from 
Cleveland to Dallas, this was clear that Tom Frieden was in significant trouble over 
several days Sec. Burwell would call me usually in the late evening and nighttime asking 
for my advice about what we should do the CDC. At one point, I believe on October 14 
or 15, she called me at night as I was in my car driving home. I parked the car in front of 
my house and continued to speak with her. Approximately 9 o'clock at night. She asked 
me what I thought about the possibility of removing Frieden from the job and wanted my 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 381 ---
379
advice about who could be a leading global health figure who could take Tom's place. I 
discussed forcibly with her that I believe that Tom was an outstanding public health 
official and a man of great integrity. However, I told her that I have to frankly tell her that 
Tom's staff is not serving him well. For example many of the people from CDC who of 
gone to Dallas to oversee the situation in the care of Mr. Duncan are people who know 
Ebola from behind the desk but left even never taking care of the patient or have done so 
many years ago. I told her to give Tom a chance and that I would try to speak to Tom 
about relying less on advice from his staff and more on his own judgment.
Again during this time I have had multiple conversations, on a daily basis usually late at 
night with Tom Frieden. I will refer  to these specifically below.  In general, I was trying 
to convince him that it is possible that the CDC protocols as they exist on their website 
are not adequate for the tertiary care setting that we have in large hospitals such as Texas 
Presbyterian and elsewhere in the United States. Tom keeps on insisting that the CDC 
protocols have worked for decades in the field in Africa and that his staff tells him that 
the reason why the Dallas nurses got infected was likely be cost they had some breach in 
the protocol. I literally begged him over the phone that he should not say this and that we 
should re-examine the CDC protocols.  This will all become clear after  we admit Nina 
Pham to NIH Special Clinical Studies Unit (SCSU) at the NIH Clinical Center on Oct. 
16, 2014 (see below).
Oct. 15, 2014 – Media frenzy continues.   I do CNN New Day, Morning Joe early in the 
AM.  Talk of shipping patients out of Texas Presbyterian Health Hospital since they have 
had 2 infections of their nurses and they expect possibly more infections due to exposure 
of other hospital staff.   Since Nina and Amber got infected, others who were doing the 
same things that they were doing might also wind up infected and they wanted to clear 
Nina and Amber out and transfer them.
Today it is made public that CDC told Vinson she could fly back to Dallas from 
Cleveland.   Very bad press for CDC and Tom.
Oct. 16, 2014 - A truly transforming and  important day here at NIH. First I testified 
before the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Oversight and 
Investigations chaired by Mr. Timothy Murphy (R-PA). Tom Frieden testified with me as 
did Luciana Borio of FDA, Robin Robinson of BARDA, and someone from Customs and 
Border Protection.  Tom got hammered somewhat by the committee and was not strong 
and firm in his answers. He continues unfortunately to give a poor public appearance 
suggesting that he is not in control of the situation. He has shown the same slow 
deliberative response in the media which is costing him dearly since it is making him out 
to be less than he really is, which in my opinion is quite good.
However, the most important event of the day was the fact that at 11:54 PM today, 
Thursday, October 16, 2014, Dallas nurse and now patient Nina Pham was transferred by 
air evacuation from Dallas to the NIH Clinical Center to be taking care of by us in the 
Special Clinical Studies Unit (SCSU). I had stopped off at Accura automobile showroom 
on Wisconsin Avenue where Diane Baker, Francis Collins's wife, was hosting a Friends 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 382 ---
380
of Patients at the NIH gala. I stayed there with Christine for an hour or so and then went 
back to the Clinical Center to await the arrival of Nina Pham. I gathered with the SCSU 
staff at the ambulance entrance to the Clinical Center. Anthony Suffredini had 
accompanied Nina in the ambulance which drove from Frederick airport when the plane 
landed to the Clinical Center in Bethesda. Anthony was dressed in full personal 
protective equipment (PPE). When Nina Arrived Cliff Lane, Rick Davey, head of the 
SCSU, John Gallin, and I awaited her together with Tara Palmore who was dressed in full 
PPE gear. By the time we got Nina settled upstairs in the SCSU it was in the middle of 
the night. I remember walking through the atrium at the Clinical Center to get on the 
elevator to go up to the SCSU, I had this extraordinary déjà vu feeling of walking the 
halls late at night as an intern, resident, and chief resident at the New York Hospital-
Cornell Medical Center where I often stayed up throughout the night taking care of 
patients. It was in fact an extraordinarily positive feeling that I had. I was doing 
something that I have always loved to do and continue to love to do - talking care of a 
sick patient in the middle of the night when there were only essential people around.  
Quiet, but intense.
Oct. 17, 2014 (Friday) – We (John Gallin, Cliff Lane, and I hold an incredibly well 
attended Town Hall meeting in Masur auditorium explaining to the NIH staff what we 
had done in admitting Nina and why we felt that this was an important duty of ours.  The 
crowd overflowed to Lipsett Auditorium and other rooms and still more people watched 
on the webcast.   Most people were supportive, but some objected such as Wyndom 
Wilson (NCI) who was concerned about our staff getting infected and then infecting 
others in the hospital.   Typical Wyndom.  
Importantly, I did a press conference in front of the Clinical Center with dozens of TV 
cameras and reporters explaining why we admitted Nina dn what the SCSU was all 
about.   Intensive media interest.
Staring from the night of Nina’s admission through Oct. 31, due to a number of crises and 
briefing that I needed to do and prepare for, I averaged about 3 to at the most 4 hours of 
sleep per night.   I usually awoke at 3:00 AM to 4:00 AM having gone to sleep at 
midnight or later.   The adrenaline surge must have awakened me, but that is what I did 
for several nights.
Interesting situation arose.   While cliff Lane was walking down a hall in the Clinical 
Center he ran into Nina’s mother Diana and her sister Cathy.   They told Cliff that they 
were concerned since after the first night that Nina took care of Duncan in Dallas, she 
called her mother and sister and tried not to worry them, but did mention to them that she 
was unsure if they were properly protected with the PPE protocol that they were on.  
When Nina got sick, Diana and Cathy went to Dallas (Diana lives in Fort Worth and 
Cathy lives in San Antonio) and tried to explain to a CDC person(s) who were there and 
they got the impression that the Texas Presbyterian Hospital people did not really want 
them to speak with the CDC. Cliff told me this and confirmed this in a conversation with 
Diana and Cathy as did John Gallin in a separate conversation.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 383 ---
381
Oct. 18, 2014 – I talk to Nina through speaker phone.   She is pleasant and I do not want 
to tire her since she is rather weak and worn out.   Still have some diarrhea and has LFT 
abnormalities likely due to the experimental meds she received in Dallas.   Besides a 
plasma transfusion from Kent Brantly she received ZMapp, Tekmira drug (siRNA), and 
Brincidofovir.   Both brincidofvir and Tekmira could give LFT abnormalities.
I appear on Good Morning America (weekend edition)
Oct. 19, 2014 (Sunday)– I appear on all 5 Sunday morning TV shows → NBC Meet the 
Press with Chuck Todd; CBS Face the Nation with Bob Shieffer; ABC This Week 
interviewed by Martha Raddatz; CNN State of the Union with Candy Crowley; and FOX 
Sunday with Chris Wallace.  Having one person on all 5 Sunday AM Shows is called a 
“Full Ginsburg” named after Mr. Ginsburg, the lawyer for Monica Lowinski during the 
Bill Clinton Sex scandal.   Very few people have done a “Full Ginsburg”.   I would set 
the new record next Sunday (see below).   I was accompanied in a limo jumping from 
studio to studio with Andrea Purse, Director of Media Broadcast for White House 
Communications.   She was great in getting me to studios in time.  She did not at all hint 
at what I should be saying.  The White House is now putting me out on all the major TV 
shows since Tom has been giving “weak” performances on TV and at Hearings.  And so 
now the White House wants me out there.
That evening, I went to the SCSU and questioned Nina about her taking care of Duncan.   
As it turned out, when Duncan came in she wore a regular gown, boots, face mask and 
shield, double gloves.  I asked her whether there was any open skin and she said that her 
neck was exposed front and back and that all of her hair was exposed.  She did his for 2 
sessions with Duncan and she did not shower out the first time, but did the second time.   
Also, when Duncan’s PCR came back positive, she switched to PPEs with no skin 
exposed.   However, that was on the 3rd day of her taking care of Duncan.  In other 
words, she worked with open skin even though it was highly suspect that Duncan had 
Ebola.   Bad news for the administration of Texas Presbyterian.   I would subsequently go 
back and re-question her tomorrow (Monday) evening.
Of Note, Amber Vinson the other infected nurse did the night shift after Nina on the first 
day of “open skin” and actually relived Nina who did the day shift
Oct. 20, 2014 (Monday) – Am on a panel with WTOP in the Newseum together with 
Jesse Goodman and Joh Sharfstein, Commissioner of Health of State of Maryland.
Sylvia Burwell calls me up and I explain to her that Nina was working for 2 days with 
open skin showing before converting to more strict PPEs.   Sylvia burst into tears on the 
phone.   She asks me to help her figure out what the hell is going on here as she is totally 
losing faith in CDC.
That evening I question Nina more and she tells me that during those first days of 
working with Duncan with the less stringent PPE (open skin), that on a couple of 
occasions a CDC person (a woman) came by and looked at what they were doing and 
what they were wearing and said: “You are good-to-go; you are doing everything 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 384 ---
382
correctly; you are not at risk of infection.”.   I was horrified to hear this.  Now comes the 
revelation.
Cliff Lane and I stop off at Chris Grady’s office on 1st floor of the Clinical Center, now 
late at night and I tell Chris the story about the CDC person.   While Cliff and I are 
talking, Chris pulls up the CDC website and to my amazement she reads what its 
guidelines are for PPE.   It is exactly what Nina said she was wearing including the fact 
that it resulted in open skin.   And so the CDC recommendations are much less stringent 
than the MSF and the NIH PPEs.  In other words, the CDC guideliens are in fact 
inadequate and Nina was following them when she likely got infected.   I got goose-
bumps.   I was incorrectly assuming that the CDC guidelines were like the NIH strict 
PPEs.   In fact they are not.
That night I e-mail Tom Frieden to call me and I explain the situation and he says that his 
people tell him that if you follow the guidelines even with that PPE protocol, the 
experience in Africa says that you are protected unless you break protocol.  He then says 
that we really cannot tell exactly how and when Nina and Amber got infected.  We could 
not distinguish between the first 2 days and the days after they went to more stringent 
protocols.   I went ballistic over the phone.   I begged him to please not listen to his staff.   
I told him frankly as a friend and as someone who care about him that his staff “had no 
fucking idea of what they were talking about since none of them who are advising him 
have ever taken care of a patient, or if they have it was 10 years ago”.   I pleaderd with 
him not to say that the nurses must have had a breach of protocol and to realize that the 
CDC protocol was entirely inadequate for a tertiary hospital intensive care setting which 
is where Nina and Amber got infected.  I told him that common sense tells you that open 
skin is much more dangerous than full PPE and that it is essential to change the CDC 
recommended PPE to insist on no open skin.  He agreed somewhat reluctantly and said 
he would have to check with his staff.   I told him that I love him, but I really do not give 
a shit what his staff says, he must change the protocol.   In fact, within the next couple of 
days with help from me and Cliff and others, the CDC did change the protocol.
 
Oct. 21, 2014 – Jey Johnson, Secertary of DHS, announces that all flights from Liberia, 
Sierra leone and Guinea must now enter the USA at one of the 5 designated airports 
(O’Hare, Newark, IAD, JFK and Atlanta) that are now having entry screening.
CDC issues the new PPE guidelines emphasizing the 3 principles that I have insisted 
upon during my many discussions with CDC (Frieden): 1) Training and drilling in 
procedure of donning/doffing; 2) no exposed skin anywhere; 3) trained monitors for 
donning and especially a WATSAN for doffing.
Did Weill Cornell Grand Rounds by video to an SRO audience. 
Also, the White House now wants me to instruct physicians around the country on Ebola 
via White House run teleconferences.   Now I am a press coach.   Did one today and now 
they want me to do one tomorrow or next day. On the call were Rich Carmona, Zeke 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 385 ---
383
Emanuel, among others.   It actually worked out quite well and was well-received.   
Interesting how history repeats itself.   First, the White House gets the standard people 
out such as CDC, HHS on health emergencies and the PR is horrible.   Example is my 
friend Tommy Thompson with the Anthrax attacks of 2001 (he said it could come from 
drinking water from a stream  - bad briefing from CDC).   Another example was Jeff 
Coplan, then Diretor of CDC who arrogantly refused to brief Tommy Thompson or even 
answer his calls.  Recall that  Stewart Simonson, who subsequently became my very 
close friend convinced Tommy to fire Coplan and then I was the PR face of the USG to 
“calm the nation” together with Julie Gerberding who replaced Coplan as CDC Director.   
Now, after all of the misteps and the poor performance of Tom Frieden in the press and at 
Hearings, the White House is falling all over themselves to get me on TV and elsewhere 
educating the public and validating what the administration is doing.   Hence, my “Full 
Ginsburg” on all of the Sunday TV Shows last weekend (October 8)
Getting many, many e-mails from colleagues around the country telling me how proud 
they are of me and what an amazing job I am doing in the press with calming the country 
and bringing scientific rigor to the situation in my explanations.
I get into Contact PPEs and visit Nina in her room with Cliff and Rick Davey. She was in 
good spirits.   She is so sweet I told her that she looked good and she came back with 
“You look great, yourself, Dr. Fauci.”   She was obviously glad to see me.   I believe it is 
the happiness of knowing that she is getting better.   If note, her Ebola PCR is now 
completely undetectable, and importantly, her Ebola specific IgM is >1600.   It had 
previously been <400, which is actually undetectable.   The IgM means that she is in 
immunological protection area.   Also, her LFTs are coming down.   We feel the 
hepatotoxicity is due to the Brincidofovir. We move her out of isolation room tomorrow 
and hopefully, home on Friday. Her labs are contained  below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 386 ---
384
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 387 ---
385
No press today since HHS and White House wanted nothing on but the announcement of 
the new PPEs by CDC and the DHS announcement of the 5 airports only.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 388 ---
386
Oct. 22, 2014 -  I together with Dan Chertow (who just returned from Liberia), David 
Mariner (Bioethics), give Clinical Center Grand Rounds to the largest audience (with 
overflows and webcast) in the history of NIH.
 Meet with Fred Hiatt and the Washington Post Editorial Board at their DC headquarters.
Meet with Nina, Cathy and mother Diana in Nina’s room in SCSU without PPEs and 
discuss Nina’s discharge
There still is considerable media frenzy regarding perception that the US government is 
"dropping the ball" with infected HCWs, Duncan getting into the country, the diagnosis 
being missed by the first ER visit.   The public, the Congress, and the media are 
conflating all these issues, which are separate.   Two HCWs getting infected is terrible, 
but that is not a public outbreak.   The media, public, etc. have been very sharply 
criticizing Tom Frieden for saying that "we will stop Ebola in its tracks" and yet with 
only 1 imported case (Duncan) two of our HCWs in Dallas have gotten infected.   The 
confuse inadequate protection of HCWs (see above) with an "outbreak".   I have been 
trying to make this distinction with the press. Conservative members of Congress are 
pushing very hard for closing the borders and not allowing any travelers from West 
Africa to enter the United States. There is already exit screening at the point of exit from 
the African countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea. The push has been to initiate 
exit screening at the five major airports where people come in from connecting flights to 
either JFK, Dulles, Newark, Atlanta, Chicago. These five airports receive 94% of all 
travelers from West Africa. They will be screened upon entry for fever, symptoms, and 
potential exposure to patients with Ebola. If any of these signals come up, they will be 
further screened by a CDC quarantine officer. If that officer deems that they need further 
work up, they will be sent to a facility for further screening and any bola PCR. If they are 
positive they will be sent to one of the designated hospitals which include the NIH, 
Emory, or Nebraska. This new exit screening was installed on October…., 2014. Today 
there was a scaling up and tightening up of the screening. The new regulations indicate 
that from now on, the only ports of entry to the United States will be the five airports 
mentioned above in order to eliminate the possibility of "slipping through" of  the 6% of 
travelers who might go to other airports. In addition there will be active monitoring of 
everyone entering from West Africa, which means that these individuals will have to give 
e-mail address, contact information, phone numbers and their travel plans. They must 
actively report each day to a public health official. Failure to do so would result in arrest 
and prosecution. As we can see things are getting tighter and tighter. In multiple 
conversations that I have had with Sylvia Burwell and Leslie Dach, it has become clear if 
there is another slip up such as a person getting through from West Africa with 
undetected Ebola, this would create a crisis of confidence whereby the Congress would 
likely pressure even more the president to close the borders completely. As stated several 
times, we feel that closing the borders would have an ultimate deleterious effect on 
controlling the epidemic. The reasons we give is that if we close the borders people will 
find indirect ways to get into the country and it would be more difficult to track them. In 
addition it would have serious negative economic consequences on the country and 
would therefore hinder their capability of being able to control their own epidemic which 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 389 ---
387
might ultimately lead to collapse of the structure of the country and spread to other West 
African countries. We repeat what we have said many times that the best way to protect 
Americans from Ebola is to suppress the epidemic at its source in West Africa.
I went over to see Nina Pham and her family including sister Kathy and mother Diane in 
our special clinical studies unit at around 6:30 PM. As I have done every day, I was 
accompanied by Rick Davey and Cliff Lane. Nina has had four consecutive negative 
PCRs and so we made the decision to move her out of the strict isolation room and put 
her in a room where there was no need for contact isolation. In other words and we could 
wear regular clothes and visit her.  Also, her dog Bentley had been shown to be PCR 
negative at USAMRIID. On a visit tonight we began to plan her discharge exit from the 
hospital and discussed just what course we would take regarding public announcements 
and a press conference. I emphasized to Nina and her family that the choice was entirely 
up to her and that we would help her to implement any decision that she makes. She is 
leaning towards making a public announcement in front of the Clinical Center and having 
a written statement that she reads and that she does not answer any questions. Hopefully 
we will discharge her on Friday, 24 October.
Oct. 23, 2014 - Today was another hectic day regarding the possibility of implementing a 
randomized controlled trial for a Ebola vaccine. As mentioned several times above there 
is a nefarious attempt on the part of Jeremy Farrar of the Wellcome Trust  to derail plans 
for an RCT of vaccine in Liberia. Cliff Lane has known him for a long time from when 
he was in Vietnam with the Pasteur Institute. Jeremy feels that we should do open access 
for distribution of vaccines particularly to healthcare workers without doing a controlled 
trial. Jeremy has been a self-promoter and in my mind a hypocritical advocate for fairness 
in global health. He completely does not get the fact that if we widely distribute a vaccine 
to a black African country we run the risk of never knowing if it works and possibly 
having a paradoxical harmful effect similar to what we saw in the STEP trial of an HIV 
vaccine where the trial looked good in phase 1 following good animal data and when we 
went into a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, we found out that the people who 
received the vaccine had a 41% greater chance of getting infected with HIV. If the same 
happened with Ebola this would be a catastrophe. Yet the WHO, mostly in the form of 
Marie-Paule Kieny, are acting in an extraordinarily unscientific way, even going so far as 
to say that a randomized controlled trial is unethical. In fact, we feel that a wide 
distribution of an unproven and potentially harmful vaccine would in fact be unethical. In 
addition, they want to give it to the healthcare workers on open access and then possibly 
do a randomized controlled trial on the rest of the people at  risk such as family members. 
I cannot imagine how they do not realize that this in and of itself is unethical and violates 
ethical equipoise. There is a big struggle going on with the USA led by Cliff Lane the 
FDA, and Glaxo Smith Kline to be able to do a randomized controlled trial to as quickly 
as possible determine efficacy so that we can ultimately distribute the vaccine to the 
people who need it. WHO, who was been wrong on almost everything they have done 
with this epidemic, is arguing that we really should distribute the vaccine according to 
how they want to do it. We already have designed a phase 2/3 trial and it is ready to go. 
We have buy-in from the Ministry of Health of Liberia. Glaxo Smith Kline is on board. 
Yet WHO wants to be deeply involved in deciding how we do it vaccine trial. There is a 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 390 ---
388
meeting in Geneva today which is going to discuss this. I am intensively briefing Sylvia 
Burwell who will be speaking with the UK minister of policy. His name is……. How this 
turns out remains to be seen. More later.
The day gets even more interesting. There was supposed to have been a meeting at Sylvia 
Burwell's office with Ron Klain, myself, Tom Frieden, and the HHS team. It was 
supposed to be aimed at briefing Ron about our activities. However, the President called 
an emergency meeting in the Roosevelt Room in the White House with OSTP to brief 
him regarding their mandate of applying rigorous science and technology to the Ebola 
response effort. Sylvia was supposed to represent HHS at the meeting. However, because 
she was committed to meeting with Ron, she asked me to represent her at the meeting. 
Her concern and the concern of all of us is that OSTP, particularly John Holdren, who has 
very little appreciation of biology in the health sciences, might get in the way and 
complicate what we at HHS and others are doing in the Ebola response. Eric Lander is a 
member of  PCAST group at OSTP and although Eric is a great friend, he sometimes gets 
overambitious about what he thinks can and cannot be done. My job was to go to the 
White House and make sure that OSTP does not get out of their lane and into our lane. It 
was an extraordinary visit at the White House that took place at 1:45 PM in the Roosevelt 
Room. As soon as I walked in Denis McDonough, Chief of Staff to the POTUS, greeted 
me at the West Wing lobby and told me how excited the White House was about what an 
extraordinary job I was doing with the press by putting a calm, reassuring, and intelligent 
face on the response to the Ebola epidemic. The same thing holds true when I entered the 
Roosevelt Room Lisa Monaco, Homeland Security Advisor, as well as Cecelia Munoz, 
domestic policy advisor were extraordinarily laudatory to me about my performance in 
explaining to the American public the details of the Ebola response. Gathered in the room 
for the meeting were all the PCAST individuals as well as OSTP. I am including below 
printouts of  PDF on the attendees and the purpose of the meeting. The President referred 
to me frequently during the meeting, asking questions about what I think should be done 
regarding the response. Denis McDonough was acutely aware of our concern that 
PCAST/OSTP might “get in the CDC/NIH/HHS lane” and cause more problems than 
they solve.   He checked with me after the meeting to make sure that I was OK with the 
discussion that PCAST and OSTP would help with non USG issues like getting 
pharmaceutical companies to help with vaccine production if it is shown to be effective 
and to lend some outside science and technology (S & T) to the mix as long as they do 
not make stupid suggestions about how to do public health and research.   The POTUS 
also asked me on the side if I was “OK with how the meeting went”.  All in all it was a 
great meeting.
Then a dark cloud came over the day. Just as I was getting back to my office to prepare 
for the discharge of Nina Pham, our Ebola patient at the Clinical Center, word went out 
that a 33-year-old New York Presbyterian – Columbia Medical Center physician named 
Craig Spencer had gotten infected with Ebola. Dr. Spencer had volunteered with Doctors 
without Borders in Guinea. He was there for about a month and returned 10 days ago. He 
had no fever when he returned. However, on Tuesday, 21 October he felt just a little 
worn down. He had no fever. So on Wednesday 22nd of October he took three subway 
trains from his home in Harlem to go to a bowling alley in Brooklyn. He then took an 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 391 ---
389
Uber cab home to Harlem. On Thursday, 24 October he developed a fever of 103, was 
evacuated by a hazmat dressed emergency responders, and admitted to the intensive care 
unit of Bellevue Hospital. A few hours later a confirmatory  PCR test came back positive. 
Obviously, the repercussions were great in that he is a healthcare worker who was 
supposed to be monitoring himself, which he did correctly. However, there will be a big 
debate now about quarantining any healthcare worker who takes care of an Ebola patient 
be that in West Africa or, as we are concerned about, even here in the United States. This 
has implications for our own staff who if quarantined and not allowed to travel would 
find it very difficult to volunteer for our special clinical studies unit since this would 
mean they would not be able to travel home for holidays such as the upcoming 
Thanksgiving holiday.
In addition to all of this we met again with Nina Pham in preparation for discharge from 
the hospital tomorrow. There has been talk that the POTUS himself might want to come 
and say goodbye to. This is still in flux. In addition to all of this, Andrea Purse, media 
broadcast director for White House COMMS is my new best friend. She hooked me up 
with two teleconferences to educate physicians throughout the country. All of this taking 
place well into the night. This has been an amazing frenzy.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 392 ---
390
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 393 ---
391
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 394 ---
392
Oct. 24, 2014 - Today was an extraordinary day in the history of NIH. We discharged our 
patient Nina Pham via a densely attended press conference outside the north entrance of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 395 ---
393
the Clinical Research Center. It was a beautiful fall day, crisp air and 60° and sunny. At 
12:30 PM, I walked out of the Clinical Center with my arm around Nina and 
accompanied by her sister Kathy and her mother Diana. Also, accompanying us was Dr. 
Francis Collins, Dr. Cliff Lane, Dr. Richard Davey, and the nurses and technicians from 
the Special Clinical Studies Unit of the NIH Clinical Center. Francis introduced me and I  
announced to the world that Nina was Ebola free. I gave a shout-out to the physicians and 
nurses at Texas Presbyterian for taking such good care of her while she was there patient, 
and I thanked our own staff of doctors and nurses for also taking extraordinary care of 
Nina. I have come to become very fond of Nina as she is such a sweet human being who 
was so brave in taking care of the patient with a deadly disease caused by an infection she 
contracted while taking care of him (Thomas Duncan). Over the past couple of days 
while she was in the Unit, we would talk a lot about how she wants to exit the hospital 
and she finally decided that she would give a very brief statement that we would help her 
craft. She would give her own ideas and we would  put it in prose for her. It worked out 
very well. They were in essence her own words and they were heartfelt. As I called her 
up to the podium, I gave her a warm embrace in front of all the cameras. This embrace 
was ultimately on the front page of the Washington Post the next day (Saturday, Oct. 25), 
and on hundreds of newspapers, blogs, and Tweets and other social media.   It went 
completely “viral”.    In addition, she gave me a ribbon of the colors of the nursing school 
from which she graduated, Texas Christian University School of Nursing. And so I gave 
a shout out to all the nurses of the world  as personified by the nurses at Texas Christian. 
I answered a bunch of questions from the press after the press conference.
And then following the press conference something extraordinary also happened. 
President Obama invited Nina, her mother Diana, her sister Kathy, and I(together with 
Rick Davey and Cliff Lane) to the White House for a photo shoot as well as to talk and 
chat with the President. The President was charming as usual, and gave her a public hug 
in front of his photographers. We met for several minutes in the Oval Office with the 
President and Sylvia Burwell.  Then Ronny Jackson, the President's physician showed us 
around the White House and gave us a tour of the medical clinics in the White House.   
The White House transportation group picked us up at the Clinical Center, drove us to the 
White House, and then drove Nina, her mother, his sister to a private plane in Baltimore 
which flew her to her mother's home in Fort Worth, TX. It was a bittersweet goodbye 
since we have become so fond of her and her family. I gave Nina and her family my 
contact information including my cell phone number and told her to make sure if there 
was any issues that they want to talk to me about that I am available to them 24 hours a 
day.
I returned to the NIH completely exhausted but ready to get back to work of crafting 
policies related to the emerging situation with healthcare workers returning from West 
Africa infected as did Craig Spencer last night.
Oct. 25, 2014 -  An important meeting today Situation Room of White House. We 
discussed the topic of what the movement and monitoring protocol would be for the 
United States Government regarding HCWs who are returning from service in the 3 
African countries. . The CDC has been changing their guide old journals and in a 27 June 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 396 ---
394
two lines trying to keep up with the evolving situation. I heard from the White House and 
Sylvia Burwell that the White House and Sylvia herself were very keen on my being at 
the meeting at the White House in order to help develop a coherent policy. This was in 
gun just a wallpapers response to the fact that Dr. Craig Spencer, a Doctors Without 
Borders emergency medicine physician working in Guinea had come back to New York 
and was self-monitoring for symptoms and fever according the MSF protocol. This is the 
ongoing protocol if someone at low but nonzero risk for infection returns to their country 
of origin after serving in West Africa taking care of Ebola patient. However since there 
were previous infections in the Ebola treatment unit where he worked, the evolving 
guidelines put him in the category of a high risk person. Nonetheless, he was following 
the doctors without Borders protocol which means that when you come back to your 
country of origin after being in a West African country you should monitor yourself with 
fever and symptoms and if you develop a fever call MSF and then report yourself to state 
health authorities. As it turned out, Dr. Spencer felt fatigued the previous day but 
nonetheless went out for a run. The following day as mentioned above he took several 
New York City subway rides to Brooklyn where he bowled and then went back and ate at 
a restaurant in Manhattan. The next day he developed a fever of 103 F.  Technically he is 
a for you you just tell me and I can't go to a and the same thing you stop. Exposed 2 
friends at the bowling alley and the Uber driver who drove him back to his apartment in 
Harlem. . Once he got a fever, proper protocol of hazmat transportation to Bellevue took 
place as mentioned above. However, because of the concern about risk to New Yorkers 
and people from New Jersey, Gov. Christie of New Jersey and Gov. Cuomo of New York 
State surprised and shocked the New York City public health authorities as well as the 
CDC and the US government (including President Obama) by declaring an absolute 
quarantine on all healthcare workers coming back to the United States through New York 
or Newark airports who had any contact with an Ebola patient. They either did not think 
this out fully or it was a pure political move. This violates all of the principles that 
indicate that people without symptoms are clearly not of danger or inffectious to others. 
This is becoming a political issue without a doubt since both Governors Christie and 
Cuomo are up for reelection and there is an outcry that we are worried too much about 
people's rights than we are about the safety of the public. However, as I have had to 
emphasize multiple times in the Press the danger of transmitting from an infected but 
asymptomatic individual is vanishingly small. However the President asked Lisa Monaco 
and Chief of Staff Denis McDonough to hold a principals policy committee meeting to 
sort out what kind of response we should have to this declaration of quarantining by the 
governors. This was a very important meeting for me to be at since it is very clear that we 
need to do more than just passive monitoring since there needs to be some clinical 
judgment and whether or HCWs, as well-meaning as they are, should actually leave their 
apartment and enter into public transportation such as subway, bus or even airplane.
And so the PC meeting was held in the Situation Room at 2:30 PM on a beautiful crisp 
fall day. At the meeting besides me and Tom Frieden by video from Atlanta, Chief of 
Staff Denis McDonough, John Podesta, Gayle Smith, Leslie Dach, Sylvia Burwell, Susan 
Rice, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, Ron Klain, USAID administrator Rajiv Shah, 
Attyorney General Eric Holder, Amb. Samantha Power, DHS Sec. Jeh Johnson, Amb. 
Powell from the Department of State, Presidential Counsel Eggleston, Valerie Jarrett, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 397 ---
395
Larry Kerr, among others. The discussions centered around modifying the guidelines for 
monitoring and movement of returning health care providers who have served in West 
African countries. The CDC continues to be shakey. They in my mind are not definitive 
or clear enough with their guidelines. However, at the meeting,we at least decided that 
we would have to scale up from passive monitoring to active monitor and in many cases 
ultimately to direct monitoring.  The definitions of these are as follows: passive 
monitoring - you take your temperature and evaluate your symptoms and do not tell 
anyone unless there is a problem; active monitoring - you do the same as passive but you 
tell someone; direct active monitoring is when you have someone else visit you at least 
once a day and folow-up with a phone call, take your temperature evaluate your 
symptoms and make a determination has to the degree of restriction that you might have 
on a daily basis.  In this way, you have a repetitive clinical judgment concering restriction 
as opposed to a broad sweeping quarantine for evryone.  We all decided that we need to 
point out that healthcare workers are heroes and that if we in fact quarantine them 
indiscriminately regardless of their stratification of risk that we would clearly 
disincentivize them for wanting to volunteer as well as stigmatize them, which is already 
occurring anyway.
 The White House has decided that I will be the face of the administration in explaining 
this to the public and have now put me out today (Sunday) on all five major Sunday 
morning shows. This includes ABC This Week (Martha Raddatz), CBS Face the Nation 
(Charlie Rose), Fox News with Chris Wallace, CNN State of the Union with Candy 
Crowley, and Meet the Press ( Chuck Todd). It is interesting and ironic after all of the 
aggravation I have received from media people that I am now their hero and they want 
me out there. This includes Jen Palmieri the head of White House communications, 
Andrea Purse the director of media broadcast of the White House, and this gets translated 
now down to the HHS level. There is still a lingering distrust by the public in the 
government largely because of the missteps and lack of firm, definitive, clear, concise 
and understandable guidelines of the CDC. I feel very badly for Tom Frieden since he is 
an extraordinarily fine person and an outstanding public health official. However I 
believe that his staff does not serve him well and the White House and HHS are now 
giving me the extra burden of having to check their documents which makes it very 
difficult since I have a lot of work to do and I am getting quite exhausted by all of this.   
Oct. 26, 2014 - Today I did all five of the Sunday morning TV shows. As indicated 
above this is referred to as the "Full Ginsburg" related to the fact Ginsburg, the 
lawyer/family friend for Monica Lewinsky at the time that she blew the whistle on 
President Clinton related to the now famous sex scandal appeared on all 5 Sunday TV 
shows. I did this last week.   Since I had done a "Full Ginsburg" last week several of the 
producers of the TV shows told me that this is the first time in their memory that any 
individual has done all five TV shows for two weeks in a row. And so they are now 
referring to this as a "Full Fauci". The shows went very well;  however, it became clear 
that I was at odds with what Gov. Christie and Gov. Cuomo had done two days ago by 
initiating a full quarantine for flights into New Jersey and New York. On each of the 
shows I articulated two fundamental principles: 1) the safety of the American people 
comes first and is the major goal; 2) all of our policy decisions relating monitoring 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 398 ---
396
movement and restrictions should be based on sound scientific principles and scientific 
evidence. I reiterated that all scientific data show that a person who is without symptoms 
does not transmit Ebola and that one must come into contact with bodily fluids of a 
person who is sick with Ebola in order to contract people. Therefore, the principles 
leading to a broad general quarantine for returning health care workers is deeply flawed. 
Immediately following the shows, other shows and blogs and tweets pitted me against 
Christie and Cuomo. In my discussions on the five TV shows, I did not criticize them. I 
mentioned that I understood why they may feel that this is the best way to go; however, I 
mentioned that if they had asked my advice I would have told them not to institute a 
broad sweeping quarantine. I am being praised by people who are standing up for 
scientific evidence and data and I'm getting hate mail from people who feel I am trying to 
protect Obama. I am listing below cuts and pastes from a couple of representative e-mails 
that I have received:
-----------------------------------------------------
From: M G <libssuckitraw@yahoo.com>
Doctor,
As you parrot the bullshit that came out of The Obomination, it makes you sound like a 
moron. 
No quarantining these infected boobs because it might hamper them volunteering? Are 
you fucking serious? Do you KNOW how STUPID that sounded?
Yeah, we should just let them walk around, coughing, spewing,. sweating, touching other 
people until we have a serious Ebola outbreak in the USA! If pray that if Ebola DOES 
break out in the USA that somehow it only attacks dumbass liberals like you and removes 
you from your misery. Idiot.
No wonder you're a member of Ovomit's Kakistocracy.
------------------------------------------------------------------
From: Unarmed Civilian <wes_t-one1@outlook.com>
Where did you get your degree from North Korea? You love Africa and Ebola so much 
you go there. And don't come back. NO QUARANTINES....its the answer you'd expect 
from a government agency whose greatest accomplishments are in the areas of corruption 
and incompetence.
Does half of America have to come down with Ebola and be standing there bleeding from 
there eyes before the EXPERTS know they are wrong.
Fuck you and Fuck your Opinions. Go take your expertise somewhere else.
LD 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 399 ---
397
It is really rather disturbing that people feel so strongly about this, with all the undertones 
of racism and what clearly is  Hate for president Obama.
During the times between shows, I exchanged e-mails with Nina Pham checking on how 
she was doing.   Below are some of those e-mails:
From Sunday, 26 Oct., 2014 at 10:41 AM:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 400 ---
398
I just saw you on Meet the Press! You did so great :) I will definitely keep you posted 
with everything. 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 401 ---
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 402 ---
400
Nina 
—
Sent from Mailbox 
On Sun, Oct 26, 2014 at 8:39 AM, Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<
AFAUCI@niaid.nih.gov> wrote:
Nina: 
The aches are to be expected. You have been through a lot. This will gradually resolve, 
but it might take a little time. Keep me posted and do not hesitate to call or e-mail if you 
have any questions or if you just want to talk. 
Sending love back at you. 
Tony 
On Oct 26, 2014, at 9:32 AM, "Nina Pham" 
<
nina.pham88@gmail.com<mailto:nina.pham88@gmail.com>> wrote: 
Dr. Fauci! 
I miss you and everyone at NIH so much! I'm doing well. Just occasional joint pain and 
aches which I'm sure is to be expected right? I've just been relaxing at home (well my 
parent's home) the past few days. My family is doing well and they say hi and they miss 
you as well! 
Sending my love 
Nina 
— 
Sent from Mailbox<https://www.dropbox.com/mailbox> 
On Sun, Oct 26, 2014 at 5:56 AM, Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<
AFAUCI@niaid.nih.gov<mailto:AFAUCI@niaid.nih.gov>> wrote: 
Nina: 
How are you doing? We miss you. Keep me posted on how you feel. Say hi to Mom and 
Kathy. Everyone here sends their best wishes. 
Warm regards, 
Tony (aka Dr. Fauci) 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 403 ---
401
Following the five TV shows I was invited to a meeting in the Situation Room with 
President Obama and senior cabinet officials and other staff.   The attendees at the 
meeting were:
From: Esquivel, Hilda V. [<mailto:Hilda_V._Esquivel@nsc.eop.gov>] 
Sent: Saturday, October 25, 2014 03:58 PM
To: DL-NSS_ExecSec_Coordination <DL-NSS_ExecSec_Coordination@nsc.eop.gov 
<mailto:DL-NSS_ExecSec_Coordination@nsc.eop.gov>> 
Subject: INVITATION: HSC Meeting on SUNDAY, 10/26, 12:30 - 1:30 p.m. 
 
A Homeland Security Council meeting on Ebola Response with the President has been 
scheduled for Sunday, October 26, 2014, from 12:30 - 1:30 p.m. in the White House 
Situation Room.  The following are invited to attend.  Please confirm attendance to DL-
NSS_ExecSec_Coordination@nss.eop.gov <mailto:DL-
NSS_ExecSec_Coordination@nss.eop.gov> as soon as possible.  If you have any 
questions, you may reach our office at (202) 456-9461.
Thank you.
•         The Vice President
•         John Kerry, Secretary of State
•         Jack Lew, Secretary of the Treasury
•         Chuck Hagel, Secretary of Defense
•         Eric Holder, Attorney General
•         Sylvia Burwell, Secretary of Health and Human Service +1 (Leslie Dach, Senior 
Counselor)
+CDC:  Thomas Frieden, Director of the Center for Disease Control and Prevention
+NIH:  Anthony Fauci, Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Disease 
•         Jeh Johnson, Secretary of Homeland Secretary
•         Denis McDonough, Assistant to the President and Chief of Staff
•         Shaun Donovan, Director of the Office of Management and Budget
•         Amb. Samantha Power, Representative of the United States of America to the United 
Nations
•         Valerie Jarrett, Senior Advisor and Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental 
Affairs and Public Engagement
•         John Podesta, Counselor to the President
•         Susan Rice, Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs
•         Neil Eggleston, Assistant to the President and Counsel to the President
•         John Holdren, Assistant to the President for Science and Technology and Director of 
Science and Technology Policy
•         Antony Blinken, Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor
•         Lisa Monaco, Assistant to the President for Homeland Security and Counterterrorism
•         Benjamin Rhodes, Assistant to the President and Deputy National Security Advisor 
for Strategic Communications and Speechwriting
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 404 ---
402
•         Katie Fallon, Assistant to the President and Director of the Office of Legislative 
Affairs
•         Jennifer Palmieri, Assistant to the President and Director of Communications 
•         Rajiv Shah, Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development
•         Suzanne George, Deputy Assistant to the President and Executive Secretary and 
Chief of Staff of the National Security Council
•         Rand Beers, Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Homeland Security 
Advisor
•         Ron Klain, Ebola Response Coordinator
•         Amy Pope, Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Energy and 
Climate Change
•         Gayle Smith, Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Development 
and Democracy
•         Caroline Tess, Special Assistant to the President and Senior Director for Legislative 
Affairs
•         Corey Gruber, Senior Director for Preparedness Policy
•         Edward ‘Ned” Price, Assistant Press Secretary for National Security Affairs
•         Larry Kerr, Director for Medical Preparedness and Policy Rajiv Shah, Administrator 
of the U.S. Agency for International Development
The discussion centered around developing a policy of direct, active monitoring to 
preserve the scientific principles as well as to avoid the issue of a broad quarantine that 
had been initiated by Christie and Cuomo as indicated above. There was a two and one 
half-hour discussion at a meeting that was supposed to take one hour. When the President 
first came in he appeared extremely tired and somewhat detached. However, he quickly 
perked up and got involved in discussion. There was some disagreement around the room 
with Jeh Johnson of DHS feeling uncomfortable with just a direct, active monitoring 
since he felt that there would soon be many more healthcare workers entering the country 
and the social issues of public fear and concern would not be satisfied by just a direct 
active monitoring. Chuck Hagel has already indicated that returning military personnel 
from West Africa would be confined to barracks for 21 days following return from West 
Africa. However this is a much different story than civilians since military have the 
capability of easily confining personnel to barracks and providing them with all the 
necessary comforts and not demeaning them or stigmatizing them. I articulated several 
times, and the P resident referred to me and asked me questions multiple times regarding 
my recommendation that a direct active monitoring guided by matching the stratified risk 
experienced by the healthcare worker to a stratified stringency of restriction we could 
functionally accomplish the same thing as a broad quarantine for everyone. The president 
agreed mostly with what I said but he felt we should go a little bit further and encourage 
the healthcare workers to restrict themselves to some degree even if technically they were 
cleared to move around. Samantha Power was connected to the meeting by 
teleconference from Guinea where she had just landed. She mentioned that the West 
Africans there were very concerned about a possible quarantine.   We had been with her 
the day before at the prior PC meeting. Again, Tom Frieden was relatively reserved 
during the discussion; however, it was tough since he was connected by teleconference. 
The final decision which has not yet been implemented since it awaits a document from 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 405 ---
403
the CDC that hopefully would state that  the clinical judgment of the monitor would 
decide on a day by day basis what the restrictions of the healthcare worker would be. We 
want to make sure that an overly strict health official would not just say no to everything 
that has to do with freedom of movement. In this regard, we suggested that we put down 
some fundamental principles and guidelines which the public health official acting as the 
direct monitor could use in his/her decision-making process.
The president commented towards the end of the discussion that we really need to have 
some clarity to this and not keep chasing after things.   He bemoaned that over the past 3 
weeks he has spent literally most of his time on this issue of Ebola and Ebola has killed 
one person in the USA, at the same time that he is dealing with ISIS, Iran, Ferguson 
shooting, ACA, border children and just 2 days ago (Friday) a deranged high school 
student in Washington State killed 2 fellow students, wounded several others and then 
shot himself.   And so the POTUS was quite frustrated in his classically “calm” way
Hopefully, we can get some crisp guidelines out soon. I continued to get a lot of hate mail 
related to the position that I articulated on the TV shows. After the White House meeting 
I went on a power walk with Christine had something to eat, and am now trying to catch 
up on the pounds of work and hundreds of e-mails that have piled up.
On another issue, Marie-Paule Kieny and WHO are up to mischief again and trying to 
take over, or at least greatly influence the conduct of the randomized controlled trial for 
Ebola vaccine that Cliff has put together. It is truly extraordinary. First they said that such 
a trial was unethical. Now that we have agreement on the part of many parties including 
the companies as well as the Ministry of Health of Liberia, the WHO wants to butt in 
again and be involved in the design of the trial. I will have to get Sylvia Burwell involved 
in trying to block this egregious interference in an area which they have no expertise. 
They can always play their trump card and say with self-righteousness that they are only 
interested in the well-being and safety of Africans. However, we all know that that is not 
their motivation. They have been trying to block this trial and they have not been 
successful. Here again they want to insert themselves now that the trial is almost on its 
way. Cliff and I and Peggy Hamburg will likely seek Sylvia Burwell's help in getting to 
Margaret Chan, Dir. Gen. of WHO, to have her tell the WHO people to back off.
Oct. 27, 2014 – Furor against Governors’ decision on quarantine.   I am in the eye of the 
storm due to my 5 appearances on Sunday TV giving scientific reasons against blanket 
quarantine.   2 days ag, nurse Kaci Hickox returned to Newark from West Africa after 
taking care of Ebola patients.  She got caught in the quarantine issue and was put in an 
old hospital tent in New Jersey and (as she says) was treated like a criminal/prisoner.  
Officials at airport initially thought that she had fever since they did a skin tem while she 
was flushed.   Turned out she had no fever and ultimately tested negative.   Christie 
looking real bad on this one.   She is playing it out by suing and being very vocal that her 
human rights were violated.   Ultimately, she was let go to drive to Maine to see her 
boyfriend.  
    Cuomo now backing off a bit and leaning towards direct, active monitoring. CDC 
revising M and M document.  Tom and I want the “direct” part of the monitoring to be 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 406 ---
404
able to be done by Skype or Face Time.   However, Ron Klain thinks that the POTUS and 
Jeh Johnson want actual physical presence of monitor (health official, nurse, etc.).   
Trying to reconcile.  
Had important conversation with Jen Cohn of MSF Switzerland who kindly got on a 
teleconference reps from MSF of many countries (Brussels, Paris, Geneva) to discuss the 
RCT Ebola vaccine trial that Cliff is actively planning to start in Monrovia in December 
following completion of the Phase 1 trial that started in Maryland in Sept. (ChAd3) and 
Oct (VSV).   Looks like MSF wants to be helpful.   They are asking good questions about 
supply for post-trial distribution, etc.   They seem to not be against an RCT.
CDC came out with new interim guidelines for Monitoring and Movement of people 
(including HCWs) returning from West African Ebola countries.   Now based a lot on 
what I and Tom have been articulating at the recent White House meetings.   First 
stratification of risks to the person; and then matching the risk to the degree of 
monitoring and then using clinical judgment when needed to determine level of 
restriction.   All based on knowledge of how virus is spread.   Risks:  high, some, low but 
not zero.  Monitoring: passive – take your own temperature and sxs and no need to 
actively tell anyone; active – take your own temp and sxs and report to a health official; 
direct, active – someone else takes your temp at least 1x per day and evaluates sxs and 
then makes clinical judgment as to your restriction on a daily basis
Immediately following their release of guidance and the press briefing by Tom Frieden, 
the White House put my out on all the evening TV shows that were either taped or live 
from studio in Building 10:  PBS NewsHour; CNN Situation Room; ABC, CBS, and 
NBC Evening News.
Oct. 28, 2014  - The political issues are heating up around Ebola with the elections only 1 
week away. Gov. Christie is standing firm in saying that the US government, particularly 
the CDC, are playing catch-up with Ebola and that his initiation of a quarantine for 21 
days for healthcare workers and other travelers returning from West Africa is the way to 
go. I have been on multiple television programs specifically indicating that I respect the 
opinion of the governors and that I understand that they are trying in good faith to do the 
best for their constituents. However, several TV commentators have now pitted me 
against Gov. Christie, feeding him with somewhat out-of-context quotes from TV 
interviews indicating that I am directly challenging him as being unscientific. He is 
lashing back saying that I am just defending the administration. He sometimes mixes me 
up with CDC. However, he has mentioned me by name several times in discussions on 
TV interviews. I am very concerned about this politicizing of an important global health 
problem. I was on Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos, CNN with 
Sanjay Gupta, and MSNBC with Morning Joe early this morning. In fact the ABC 
producer came all the way into the NIH to make sure that the interview with George 
Stephanopoulos went well. Immediately after I appeared on GMA, Gov. Christie 
appeared and Matt Lauer was instigating him telling him that scientists like me was 
saying that he "got it wrong on" thus instigating Christie to lash back at the scientific and 
public health community including me. This is really a very unfortunate evolution of 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 407 ---
405
events since as has always been the case, I stay out of politics and try to just do the right 
thing for public health.
I appeared via Skype on the Diane Rehm Show this AM and made it clear that I was not 
criticizing Christie.
The POTUS made a brief speech in front of Marine 1 as he was about to take off re-
affirming what I said on Sunday TV (without invoking my name) that we are driven by 
science and not by fear and so there is no reason to do a blanket quarantine on all 
returning HCWs since they are heroes and we do not want to discourage them from 
volunteering.
Ben Bradlee died at age 93 a few days ago and I have been invited to the service at 
National Cathedral and to the family reception at Ben and Sally Quinn’s home in 
Georgetown.   However, with the Ebola AM calls and the fact that I have to be at the WH 
later for the POTUS greeting and honoring the HCWs (see below), I cannot make the 
service.   Too bad.   I really liked Ben.
I am completely exhausted now and I have hundreds and hundreds of e-mails to catch up 
on. It feels like I'll never catch up since the White House, the department, and the media 
are making extraordinary demands on me. The White House has decided because of my 
ability to be quick on my feet and articulate a clear and concise message in front of the 
TV camera that they are putting me out on TV for virtually every issue that comes up 
regarding Ebola. What a change of pace from just a short while ago when for one reason 
or another HHS and/or the White House never approved any big TV for me. Now they 
actually set  up shows and have Andrea Purse working closely with me. Such is life.
 
The POTUS came out today and reiterated the reasons (my reasons) for following the 
science and not having a quarantine for returning HCWs.   Typically, HHS shut me down 
on the many requests for TV appearances for me since they never let anyone out there 
when the POTUS speaks.   Believe it or not, I am glad since I am exhausted.
Today and yesterday, there have been a considerable number of false alarms with people 
from West Africa (just arriving) having fever, vomiting, etc. and getting worked up only 
to have any of a number of other diseases from malaria to rhinovirus.   
Still getting much hate mail!
Got e-mail from Andrea Purse asking about the safety of returned HCWs  from West 
Africa (USA people) who have been invited to the WH tomorrow to be congratulated by 
the POTUS (with handshakes).  Some came back less than 21 days ago and so they 
wanted to be sure it was OK.   Cannot violate our own principles, but people are 
somewhat nervous.   I looked at list and said it was OK.   Then Sylvia Burwell called me 
up and wanted me to speak with Ronny Jackson to make sure that Ronny asks them if 
they were in high risk category.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 408 ---
406
Oct. 29, 2014 - Eventful day today with another visit to the White House and once again 
meeting with the President. The President wanted to show his support for health care 
workers who have returned from West Africa, those who will be going soon to West 
Africa, and the NIH nurses and doctors who had taken care of Nina Pham. There were 
several events. At approximately 3 PM the president met in the Green Room with Kent 
Brantly, myself, and a group of healthcare workers including Dan Chertow from NIH 
who had returned from Liberia about 1 month ago, people from Hopkins, people from 
Samaritan's purse, as well as three NIH nurses – Glory Inwang, and Anitra Fitzgerald-
Monroe, and Kimberly Jeffries. He congratulated everyone, took individual pictures with 
each of us and then went into the East Room where he was introduced by Brantly and 
gave a compassionate speech on how healthcare workers were heroes, and how we 
should treat them with respect and how we should monitor and allow them to move about 
according to principles consistent with the scientific data. This was obviously a 
reiteration of what he had said before and what I have been saying continually on 
national TV. However, it was clearly also a thinly veiled jab at Gov. Christie who has 
instituted the quarantine of returning health care workers in New Jersey. Following the 
ceremony I adjourned to the Roosevelt Room with Raj Shah, Sylvia Burwell, Gayle 
Smith, and Ron Klain, to meet with the cohort of healthcare workers for the purpose of 
learning from them about their experiences in getting suggestions from them about how 
to improve our effort in response to the Ebola epidemic in Africa and at home.
I had interesting discussions with Kent Brantly.   He told me that there was no way the he 
got infected while in the ETUs treating Ebola patients since he was completely covered 
with PPEs, he is experienced and there were no breaches.   He believes that he got 
infected when he was called to the ER to see a potential Ebola patient (woman).   He was 
dressed in “contact” dress (not full PPE) but he did not touch the patient and called for a 
nurse to admit the patient since she clearly had Ebola.   Accompanying the woman was 
her adolescent daughter who was crying and very upset that her mother was sick.   Kent 
took the girl outside to comfort her.   He took off his gloves so as not to contaminate the 
girl and put his arm around her shoulder.   When he looked at her, it became clear that 
she was likely also sick.  She ultimately ran away and was never documented to have 
Ebola, but Kent feels that this was the likely incident that go him infected, i.e. touching 
without gloves an Ebola patient.   He did not fully realize this until he later reflected on 
that incident in the ER.
After that I came back to the NIH and I practiced putting on personal protective 
equipment with Rick Davey. The purpose of the practice was because we are hosting a 
group of TV doctors tomorrow brought to the NIH by the White House to demonstrate to 
them our Special Clinical Studies Unit and how we Don and Doff our PPE's. It should be 
a good day tomorrow.
Oct. 30, 2014 – Started the day with a 6:40 AM interview on WTOP. Another interesting 
day today. I was a panelist at the  Washington Ideas Forum sponsored by The Atlantic 
magazine that took place at the Harmon Center for the Performing Arts on F and 6th 
Street, N.W.  I was interviewed on stage by David Brooks, well-known columnist for the 
New York Times. The panel was broadcast live on C-SPAN as well as streamed online 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 409 ---
407
on their website. Of the people involved in this forum were Secretary of State John 
Kerry, Chris Matthews of NBC, and a large number of other notables. 
After that I went back to the NIH and hosted a whole group of network producers with 
full camera TV coverage on the process of donning and doffing for personal protective 
equipment. I demonstrated to them what we do in the process of taking care of patients 
with Ebola, in this case specifically Nina Pham. Following the demonstration which was 
done by nurse specialist Kevin Barrett and hospital epidemiologist Tara Palmore, I did a 
long series of TV interviews with the cameras that were there during my step-by-step 
demonstration of the donning and doffing.   Clips appeared on a variety of news outlets.
An extraordinary situation occurred last night in which the state of Louisiana made an 
announcement that certain scientists and others who were planning to attend the annual 
meeting of the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene during the first week 
of November in New Orleans would not be allowed to attend the meeting. In essence they 
said that these people need to be quarantined if they came from a West African country or 
if they had taken care of the patient with Ebola within the last 21 days. This is an 
extension of the quarantine craziness that was started by Governors Christie and Cuomo.   
In essence, they are barring scientists from a meeting where their expertise and 
experience is most needed.
Finally, I have been informed that I have been named in the civil action lawsuit against 
Pres. Obama, me, Thomas Friedman, Secretary Burwell, and DHH Secretary Jeh Johnson 
for promoting terrorism and discrimination. They are accusing us of colluding with 
president Obama who is a Muslim citizen of Kenya and trying to destroy African 
countries by introducing Ebola into society. You just cannot make this stuff up.
Received a note today (dated Oct. 16, 2014) from Hilary Rodham Clinton saying that 
she was thinking of me and cheering me on saying that “The American people are 
fortunate to have your leadership at NIH as we face the challenge of Ebola”.
Oct. 31, 2014 – Jeff Drazen, Editor of NEJM, contacted me to put him in touch with 
some of the trusted AIDS activists with whom I have worked over the years to get them 
to write a piece in the NEJM on the similarities between the stigma of HIV/AIDS and the 
current “stigma” against HCWs (regarding the quarantine discussed above).   I pointed 
him to Peter Staley and Gregg Gonsalves and they are willing to do this.
Kaci  Hickox  still defying orders from the Governor of Maine to remain in quarantine.   
A court judge upheld her right to not be quarantined.   I did an interview for yahoo.com 
and refused to get into the battle between Kaci and the State of Maine.
HHS does not want me to do TV since the news is focused on Kaci and it would be better 
for me not to get into that battle.
Nov. 1, 2014 – Things calming down.   Reports of decreased infections in Liberia, 
particularly Monrovia.   Not sure if this is real or if the infections are now occurring in 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 410 ---
408
remote areas without good reporting.   Also, the issue of second waves in Guinea and 
Sierra Leone.   CDC having to put much effort into investigating Person Under 
Investigation (PUIs).   These are people who are from West Africa who get a fever or 
nausea or vomiting for any of a number of benign reasons.   Since they are from West 
Africa, these are being investigated, sometimes using PPEs, which is an “abundance of 
caution”, but a major investment (?waste) of effort.
Cliff Lane is in Monrovia doing spade work for the hopefully upcoming RCT for the 
Ebola vaccine.
Heard on Secretary’s call this AM (8:30 AM on Saturday) that now WHO (likely Marie-
Paule Kieny) wants WHO to be responsible for the DSMBs of all clinical trials in West 
Africa.   This is an egregious attempt on the part of WHO to stay “relevant” in an area in 
which they have no expertise.   It is “stunning” to me how they just want to insert 
themselves into things where they quite frankly are incompetent.  They already have 
made it clear that they just want to distribute unproven interventions (vaccines and 
treatments) and even though we seem to be winning the argument, they keep coming 
back in insidious ways to try to derail the scientific clinical trials process.   Amazing!!
Nov. 2, 2014 – Quiet Sunday.   Trying to catch up on piles on my desk.  Election on 
Tuesday.   Concern that the GOP will take the Senate, which means Obama is in trouble 
with both House and Senate in GOP control.
Despite reports that the number of cases in Liberia are decreasing rapidly, new reports 
today indicate that the cases in Sierra Leone are sharply increasing.   I have warned that 
Ebola comes in waves and that we should not be complacent and the WH should refrain 
from saying that things are “turning around”.
Nov. 3, 2014 – Ron Klain visited NIH today (He had visited CDC last week).   He 
wanted to familiarize himself with what the various components of government were 
doing in Ebola.   I made a presentation to him in the VRC, showed him the lab where 
Nancy Sullivan works and where she developed the ChAd3 Ebola vaccine.   Then we 
took him over to the Clinical Center to see Julie Ledgerwood’s vaccine clinic where the 
phase 1 trial took place.   Then we showed him the SCSU and the room where we took 
care of Nina Pham.   Ron was impressed and wants me to come to the WH on Friday to 
give a shortened version of my presentation at a meeting where the POTUS is hosting 
certain Congressional leaders.
Tom Frieden spontaneously called me up to thank me for being so supportive of him.   I 
have been continually serving as a late night (by phone or e-mail) sounding board for him 
in his attempts to negotiate his having to deal with some many factions (ASPR, HHS, 
USAID, etc.)   Last night I helped him out by strongly suggesting that he not listen to the 
modelers who tell him “exactly” how many news cases of Ebola to expect in the USA 
over a period of time.   I warned him that the models are based on assumptions and 
multiple variables and can be very misleading and he should not “own” data that comes 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 411 ---
409
from models or else it will come back to bite him.   I urged him to totally resist such 
predictions.   He was very grateful for my advice.
Nov. 4, 2014 – GOP takes control of the Senate in today’s elections.   Frenzy calming 
down.   Little press interest – like shutting off the faucet.
Nov. 5, 2014 – Preparing for Hearings of the Senate Full Appropriations Committee 
(Mikulski).   Tom Frieden and I will testify together with Sylvia Burwell.   POTUS 
publicly requests $6.18 Billion in “emergency” funds for Ebola.   We will dwefend this at 
Hearing on Nov. 12.
Nov. 6, 2014 – Still calm.  No Ebola Press.   Did Hearing prep by teleconference with 
Sylvia.
Nov. 7-11, 2014 – Still calm.   Mostly  preparing for Senate Appropriations Hearing on 
Nov. 12.   POTUS  asking for $6.18 Billion in emergency funding for Ebola (Domestic 
and International).   NIH portion is $238 million.  Went to EEOB on Nov. 10 to rehearse 
for Hearing with Ron Klain.
 
Nov. 11 – very good meeting in Building 10, 4th Floor Medical Board Room with clinical 
investigators who took care of Ebola patients at Emory, Nebraska, NIH.   Also, DoD and 
HHS present with presentation of individual clinical data from the USA patients.  It 
became clear to me that it is impossible to determine if any of the experimental drugs 
given to the patients (ZMapp, Brincidofovir, favipiravir, convalescent sera, TKM-Ebola) 
helped or did harm (likely did some harm.   Decision was to develop a clinical protocol 
for future USA patients and also to be used as prototype for Africa.   Protocol should be 
RCt with standard medical care (fluid and electrolyte replacement) as the control arm.   
The data also suggested to me that if you keep patients alive with medical care, that the 
body’s immune system will almost always clear the virus (likely without experimental 
drugs).
Nov. 12, 2014 – Successful Hearing today before the Full Senate Appropriations 
Committee chaired by Barbara Mikulski with Richard Shelby as Ranking Minority.   
Sylvia Burwell, Jeh Johnson (DHS), Michael Lumpkin (DoD), Heather Higginbottom 
(DoS) testified and then accompanying witnesses went to the Table.   Tom Frieden and I 
were the “accompanying” witnesses for Sylvia.   All went well. About 18-20 Senators 
appeared.  Tom Harkin made a statement that this was his last official Hearing and he 
wanted to specifically call me out as a great public servant with whom he has worked on 
this committee for 30 years.   This elicited a round of applause from the audience.   
Patrick Leahy also remarked that he has been working with me “forever”.   All-in-all, a 
very good Hearing.
Nov. 13, 2014 – Difficult situation arising regarding the conduct of the Phase 2/3 trials of 
Ebola vaccine in Liberia/Sierra Leone.   The companies (first GSK; now also J & J, who 
do not even have a candidate ready) are balking at going ahead with the trials unless they 
get “global indemnification”.   This is unprecedented to demand for a Phase 2/3 trial 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 412 ---
410
since we (NIH) are the sponsors and we are liable.   Nonetheless, GSK feels that although 
the PREP act would protect us and indirectly them, they feel that in international courts 
GSK (even though they are not the sponsors of the trial) could be sued given the sensitive 
nature of the situation (African countries, instability in the countries, brand new vaccine 
platform for them –Cad3 vector -, accelerated development with questions regarding lot 
consistency (because of the fast pace of development).  This would be terrible if the trials 
are stalled because of this.   I have phone call today with Moncef Slaoui, Chairmen of 
GSK for Global Vaccines.
Also, despite our conclusions from meeting on Nov. 11 (see above) the Oxford/Wellcome 
Trust people are working with MSF to start “open label” trials with various therapeutics 
without a control arm.   What the hell is going on here?   I am very disappointed in the 
Brits, especially the Wellcome Trust and Oxford people who clearly are grandstanding.
Call with Moncef Slaoui went well.   Reasonable discussion.  I stated that the USG could 
never give “global indemnification” since it would invite frivolous lawsuits.   Moncef felt 
the same about our providing insurance for them since it would also invite lawsuits.   We 
agreed upon some form of a process that provides for limited liability and cpas on 
settlements.   I will follow-up with summary e-mail to Moncef with copy to Ron Klain 
with who I spoke tonight and relayed to him the conversation with Moncef.   Ron is 
flexible, but said that we cannot “guarantee” anything to Moncef, but we will proceed in 
good faith to find a solution.
Nov. 15, 2014 – Patient Martin Salia, Sierra Leone surgeon, resident of Maryland, green 
card resident, married to US Citizen hospitalized at University of Nebraska having gotten 
infected in Sierra Leone.  He is critically ill and may not survive.   He entered Nebraska 
Hospital with Creatinine of 16, pH of 7.1 and K+ of 2.0.  NIH is thus up next for a 
patient.
Nov. 17, 2014 – Dr. Salia dies at Nebraska Medical Center.
Nov. 19, 2014 - Today I testified before a  Congressional Hearing of the House 
Committee on Commerce and Energy, Health Subcommittee chaired by Congressman 
Pitts from Pennsylvania with Dr. Burgess of Texas as the vice chair, and Mr. Henry 
Waxman of California as the ranking member. It was a lively hearing that went very well 
but with some interesting sharp interchanges between me and Dr. Cassidy from 
Louisiana. He is a physician who tried to show off about his medical knowledge in the 
hearing; however, during the exchange it became clear that he really did not know what 
he was talking about. In addition, Congressman Tim Murphy somewhat attacked me 
saying that I have been condescending to people who question the issue of conmtrolled 
trials with placebo limb, transmission, patient isolation and quarantine. I did not have the 
opportunity to refute him; however, after he had left when Mr. Burgess who took over the 
chair of the committee when Mr. Pitts left gave us the opportunity of a summary 
statement, I question Mr. Murphy's characterization of me as being condescending and 
clearly stated that our most important goal with interventions is to first do no harm and 
then hopefully benefit people and although many individuals feel that this is insensitive, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 413 ---
411
in fact it is not insensitive, but is the time-honored way of determining the safety and 
efficacy of interventions. In addition, after she had left I countered the somewhat snide 
remark of Mrs. Blackburn who had also made a statement without giving me the 
opportunity to respond. She said that we were negligent in not getting countermeasures 
done quickly and that industry can do better than we can. I stated after she left that we 
have been trying to get partnerships with industry for over 10 years in the development of 
Ebola vaccines and that only recently were pharmaceutical companies willing to partner 
with us.
All in all it was a very positive Hearing.
Nov. 20, 2014 – Did Newsmaker Luncheon talk at the National Press Club on Ebola.   
Got much play in the printed press.   Things still calm regarding Ebola with attention 
switching from the threat in the USA to background issues like the $6.18 billion request 
from the POTUS (see above Senate Hearing).   Also, some increasing noise from 
Congressman Tim Murphy (R-PA) regarding his pushing for the leaders of the 3 Ebola 
hospitals (NIH, Emory, Nebraska) to quarantine for 21 days their staff that took care of 
Ebola patients and not allow them to see other patient for 21 days.   We are all adamantly 
against this and I have been the vocal one saying that we must stick with the science and 
the CDC recommendation of stratification of risks to HCWs balanced by the stratification 
of monitoring and restrictions.   Murphy is not happy with me.
Had dinner with Danny Hultzen and his father Chris.   Discussed the situation with his 
shoulder injury.   He feels good and looks great.   I have a strong feeling that if his 
shoulder holds out, he will make it to the MLB with the Seattle Mariners.
Nov. 25, 2014 – Did Webcast for Harvard School of Public Health on Ebola.  Panel 
discussion with Barry Bloom and others.
NEJM paper to come out of Thursday (Thanksgiving) reporting on the results of the 
phase 1 trial of the NIAID/GSK Ebola vaccine (Ledgerwood et al).  Embargoed until 
Wednesday (Nov 26) at 5:00 PM.   And so press starting to get excited about it.
Thus, did CBS Evening News tape for Friday PM?  Also, Medscape Interview. And 
plenty of embargoed print interviews.   As expected, the Brits (Wellcome Trust, Adrian 
Hill from Oxford) are downplaying the study saying the required dose is too high and the 
durability is low without a booster.  They are amazing.
Nov. 26, 2014 – Much press associated with the NEJM paper.   Did AP TV, BBC TV, 
Cox TV, Bloomberg print, Reuters print, BBC radio and then later at night BBC TV 
again.
POTUS comes out with White House statement congratulating “Francis Collins and Tony 
Fauci and their teams….” On the successful phase 1 trial of an Ebola vaccine and 
announces that he will visit NIH on Dec. 2 to congratulate the NIH teams and to 
emphasize the need for the requested $6.18 billion supplemental for Ebola.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 414 ---
412
Nov. 27, 2014 (Thanksgiving) – Again, still interest in the NEJM paper.   Did BBC TV 
via phone plus my photo, CNN International via phone plus my photo.  Also did 
NewsHour with Judy Woodruff.   WETA picked me up with an Uber car and promised to 
take me to the studio in Arlington, do interview, and get me back in time for 
Thanksgiving visit and dinner at 4:00 PM at Joanne and Jim’s house.   They did it on 
time.
Nov. 30, 2014 – Did CNN International discussing Ebola vaccine
Dec. 1, 2014 – World AIDS Day.   Went to White House and gave main lecture at the 
WAD ceremonies in the South Court Auditorium.   My talk went over so well that they 
started clapping at the final sequence of slides of the maps of USA and the world 
becoming free of AIDS even before my talk ended.   Also speaking were Susan Rice, 
Secretary of State John Kerry (shouted out to me), Secretary Burwell (many shout outs to 
me), Gayle Smith (also praised me), Bishop Yvette Flunder (gave moving 
sermon/speech).   Then panel with Debbie Birx, Mark Dybul, Greg Millett, Helene Gayle 
– chaired by Sylvia Burwell.
Came back to NIH to do walk-through for the POTUS visit to NIH tomorrow.
Did CNN International and NPR Morning Edition radio with Scott Horsley.
Dec. 2, 2014 - Today was most extraordinary day. Began with a  presentation that I made 
together with Debbie Birx (PEPFAR) at the Russell Senate office building.  We made a 
dual presentation in celebration of world AIDS Day to a group of Senate and House 
staffers. It went over very well. I rushed back to the NIH in time to do an interview with 
Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC about the successful phase 1 Ebola vaccine trial conducted 
here at NIH that was recently published in the New England Journal of Medicine. When I 
got back to NIH we began the preparation for the 4:00 PM visit by Pres. Obama. It was 
an extremely  successful visit. I led him on a tool of the Vaccine Research Center, gave 
him a brief introduction of the history of the center, telling him the story about my 
conversation with Pres. Clinton in December of 1996 when Clinton promised me that he 
would have a vaccine center built for us on the NIH campus. Nancy Sullivan presented to 
him on the 2nd Floor of the VRC her work on the development of an Ebola vaccine. We 
then took him to the 5th floor where Mario Roederer showed him the intricacies of the 
FACS machine.  The President was very relaxed, warm, and highly complementary of me 
and the NIH. Following the tour of the VRC, I rode with the president in the presidential 
limousine from the VR across campus to Building 10 where he addressed an overflow 
crowd of the entire NIH community in Masur auditorium. He thanked me specifically 
several times during the talk and he thanked various components of the NIH community 
for their work on Ebola and other important diseases. He specifically gave a shout out to 
the VRC people, the people who conducted the phase 1 trial, and to the nurses and staff 
who took care of Nina Pham in October.  During his talk to the NIH community, the 
president gave me many compliments and shout outs. In particular he joked about how 
Nina had told me how to use FaceTime. In addition, he joked that "Tony and I were 
findly reminiscing about SARS and H1N1". He then said after a big laugh "that's what 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 415 ---
413
these guys do for fun".  The President mentioned my name multiple times during the talk. 
It was a great day for NIH.
Following the visit, I rushed downtown to the Mellon Auditorium on 13th St. and 
Constitution Avenue to participate in the dinner given by the Friends of the Global Fight, 
chaired by Mike Gerson (Washington Post).  On the panel with me were Mark Dybul and 
Deborah Birx. I ran into many people who I know and like at the dinner. These include 
Peter Staley who I am very fond of from our many experiences over the years in the 
activist days. Peter looked bright and alert but rather thin and drawn likely due to his 
many years of being on antiretroviral therapy.   They showed a short clip of his icon 
speech at the International AID Meeting in San Francisco in 1990 when he said that 
someday people will speak of the deadly plague and how some stood up to confront it.   I 
cry every time I hear that speech.   In 1990, I gave a speech at the meeting right after 
Peter.  Former Sen. Chris Dodd gave me several shout outs about the work that I have 
done over decades, calling me a national hero. Nancy Pelosi gave a talk in which he 
mentioned several times our extraordinary relationship over the years in fighting HIV 
AIDS.  All this praise was quite moving and gave me an added perspective about the 
many years (decades) that I have been involved in this struggle.  All in all it was a great 
evening.   The following day the story with my picture (with the POTUS, Nancy 
Sullivan, and Sylvia Burwell) were in the Washington Post and New York Times as well 
as on the Evening News programs.
Dec. 3, 2014 – At his request, went to the Rayburn Office Building office of Chairman 
Timothy Murphy (R-PA).  Murphy was upset with me at a recent Hearing (see above) 
when he said that I was making condescending statements about quarantine and why we 
should not have quarantines.   He invited me down to his office to discuss further at a 
10:00 AM meeting.  With him was Committee Staffer Alan Slobodin (of past outside 
activity investigation fame) and Murphy’s Chief of Staff Susan Mosychuk and his 
legislative Director Brad Grantz.   Murphy had also been giving Tom Frieden grief about 
the same issue.   Meeting actually went well – cordial, respectful.   The underlying theme 
was still the need in his mind for quarantining of all West African entrants to USA or 
better restrict travel of West Africans (3 countires0 to USA and provide an “air bridge” to 
bring in USA HCWs.   Also, he was concerned that with the latest proposal for 32 
additional Ebola-ready hospitals in the USA that we should quarantine the USA HCWs 
after seeing Ebola patients.  He was OK with just direct, active monitoring of the NIH, 
Emory and Nebraska HCWs, but he felt that since the other 32 hospitals were less trained 
and so would likely have a greater chance of getting infected, then they should be 
quarantined since (as a former Clinical Psychologist) he feels that people deny sxs and so 
he does not trust them.   He is against the part of the $6.18 billion supplemental request 
for Ebola on the grounds that we do not needs all the additional hospitals (I actually do 
not entirely disagree with him as I have expressed to our own people).   The meeting 
ended cordially.
Dec. 4, 2014 – Gave Ebola talk at the new FDA facility in White Oak.   Quite a place!  
Huge!   They loved the talk.   Also,  new infectious diseases issue.   The H3N2 
component of the 2014-2015 influenza vaccine is mismatched to the early circulating 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 416 ---
414
strain of H3N2, which is predominant over H1N1 and B, the latter of which match the 
vaccines.   The match for H3N2 is only 48%.   I was on WTOP explaining this.   Could 
be a bad influenza winter.
 
December 5, 2014 - I participated with Ron Klain at a Georgetown University event 
chaired by Pres. Jack DiGoia in Gaston Hall at the Healey Building. We discussed 
various aspects of the Ebola outbreak. I have grown to become truly fond and respectful 
of Ron Klain since he assumed the position as the Ebola Response Coordinator for the 
USG. He will be leaving the USG employment and will return to his position as CEO of 
Case Holdings and General Counsel for Revolution, L.C. 
Also did some press with the London Times print and Bloomberg TV today.
Had a call with Jack Whitescarver. I am concerned with him since he does not appear 
well. His hematocrit is low and he is short of breath. I believe he is having a slow 
gastrointestinal bleed and is likely experiencing mild to moderate congestive heart 
failure.
December 6, 2014  - I participated at the PRIM&R conference in Baltimore where I gave 
the keynote address on ethical considerations in HIV/AIDS. This was on a Saturday 
morning. Christine is a major player in this organization and spent the weekend there. I 
drove to Baltimore on Friday night and had dinner with Chris at the Baltimore Hilton 
Hotel Bar (lots of fun) and stayed with her in her hotel room that night. The following 
morning (Sat. Dec. 6) gave my talk to an audience of around 2500 people and got a 
standing ovation.  
Drove back to DC and had dinner with Alec Whyte at Matisse restaurant.   Caught up on 
stuff.   Always great to see Alec
December 8, 2014 -  I am getting particularly concerned with what I feel is noncollegial 
behavior on the part of the UK, particularly Dame Sally Davies (Chief Health Officer of 
UK) as well as the Oxford group personified by Adrian Hill and Jeremy Ferrar who are 
bad mouthing our randomized controlled trial idea behind our backs. However, this is the 
stuff that we deal with all the time.
 I am also getting concerned that the incidence of infection of Ebola in Liberia is so low 
that this may have an issue with our conduct of the randomized controlled trial in Liberia. 
Cliff will leave Dec. 10 for Liberia for the third time in 5 weeks. We have to consider the 
possibility of doing a trial also in Sierra Leone.
Had contentious IC Director meeting concerning the issue of presenting reports (that I 
believe are flawed) to the Advisory Committee to the Director (ACD) on the Intramural 
research Program (IRP) and the AIDS Portfolio.   Issue is that some outside group (ACD) 
want to homogenize the IRP to make it “trans-NIH” as opposed to being directed to the 
mandate of the IC in question.   I am totally against this since this flies in the face of the 
NIAID mandate of being a “strike force” for emerging IDs such as AIDS, SARS, and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 417 ---
415
Ebola.   People like Eric Green (NHGRI) disagree with me.   I do not like or trust Eric as 
I believe that he resents me because he is intimidated by my accomplishments and 
notoriety.   That is life.  Also, the “elephant” in the room with the distribution of the 
AIDS money by OAR that no one wants to address is that NIDA is spending about $180 
million on drug abuse issues when ~7% of USA cases are drug abuse and one can stop 
this with needle exchange.   I feel they should get some money, but not that much when 
we do not have enough to conduct vaccine trials that could end the pandemic.
Dec. 9, 2014 – Participated in the The Atlantic STEM summit at GW (cold and rainy 
day).   Was interviewed by my old media friend Frank Sesno (formerly of CNN and 
NPR) who now heads the Public Affairs Institute at GW.   Nice crowd, good questions, 
well-received.
Dec. 10, 2014 – Gave talk at Italian Embassy on Ebola followed by being interviewed by 
Ted Koppel, my old buddy from “Night Line”.   Great interview.   Ted praised me as a 
national hero.   Today “Time” magazine named the “Ebola HCWs” as “Persons of the 
Year”   great choice as they put themselves in serious harm’s way.
Dec. 11, 2014 – Will receive new patient at SCSU.  Lisa Woods – 39 yo nurse ftrom San 
Francisco volunteering in Sierra Leone with NGO got needle stick injury taking care of 
documented critically ill Ebola patient.   High risk exposure.  Flying in today.
Woods_MedEvacFile.
docx
Saw Lisa Woods this evening.  Donned and doffed just droplet precautions since she is 
asymptomatic.   Showered out anyway. She is comfortable, received VSV post-exposure 
prophylaxis.  Presented Ebola talk to ACD (Advisory Committee to the Director) of NIH.   
Great reception.   Moncef Slaoui (GSK) is member of ACD and he was cordial and 
agreed completely about the need for an RCT for Ebola Vaccine.   Ian Lipkin (also on 
ACD) strongly felt against it and wants open access.   Am surprised at Ian since I thought 
he was more of a scientist.   Note that he is not a clinical investigator; he is a good friend 
of mine.   He is moved by all the suffering and death.
The Swiss Phase 1 trial on VSV has been put on hold due to 4 cases out of 39 of 
“arthritis” (mild).   We have seen arthralgias and myalgias (expected) in our VSV trial at 
the Clinical Center, but not arthritis even at 10x the dose of the Swiss study.  Puzzling….
Gave entrance interview with producer from CBS who wants to do a profile on me.
Dec. 12, 2014 – Went to White House today for meeting 1:45 PM to 3:00 PM in the 
Roosevelt Room.   Crystal clear, crisp and cold December day.   Meeting was to review 
the situation with the Ebola-ready hospitals and Assessment Hospitals in the USA and to 
discuss the shifting of resources from Liberia (low infection rate now) to Sierra Leone 
(rising infection rate).   Present at the meeting were:  POTUS, VP Biden, Lisa Monaco, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 418 ---
416
Susan Rice, Denis McDonough, Ron Klain, Sylvia Burwell, Chairman, Joint Chiefs 
Martin Dempsey, Tom Frieden by teleconference from Atlanta, Samantha Powers by 
teleconference from NYC – UN, Assistant Secretary Heather Higginbottom from State, 
Nancy Lindborg from USAID, Raj Shah – USAID.   Ron Klain asked me to review for 
the POTUS the status of the vaccine plans as well as to explain the situation with the 
VSV adverse event of arthritis (see above).   POTUS asked a few other questions of me.   
He referred a few times to his trip to NIH.   Good meeting
Did WTOP today
December 12 – 14, 2014 – Cliff Lane has now gone to Liberia for the fourth time in 
order to set the stage for the upcoming randomized, placebo controlled, double-blind, 
clinical trial for the GSK/NIAID and the VSV vaccines. We are still getting nefarious 
comments and undermining of our efforts by the people from the UK, particularly Jeremy 
Farrar and Adrian Hill among others. They continue to inappropriately talk about the 
inadequacy of our vaccine efforts even though they are working with the same vaccine. It 
is unbelievable to me how nefarious they can be when the main goal should be to develop 
a vaccine to save the lives of so many unfortunate people in the West African countries. 
Nonetheless we will forge on and hopefully prove the safety and efficacy of this vaccine.
December 15, 2014 -  traveled to George Washington University to give a lecture for 
Bopper Deyton’s course given at the Marvin Center at GW. It was an inspiring crowd of 
first-year medical students who were very excited to hear from me about the history of 
HIV and my involvement in it. That afternoon I participated by teleconference in an 
Ebola meeting that took place at the IOM sponsored dually by the IOM and the 
Rockefeller Foundation. The meeting was chaired by Secretary-General of the WHO, Dr. 
Margaret Chan. Many players were there in person or by phone including Paul Farmer 
from Liberia, as well as several Liberian and Sierra Leoneon and Guinean health 
officials.  I presented the efforts in the development of vaccines and therapeutics
December 16, 2014. Participated in a panel discussion on Ebola vaccines and 
therapeutics at the Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS) at 1616 Rhode 
Island Ave. NW. The panel was chaired by Steve Morrison. Other panelists included 
Julie Gerberding of Moncef Slaoui of GSK, Johan Von Hoof (Janssen and J & J), and 
Rohit Malpani (MSF).   Good discussion about response to the epidemic.
 December 17, 2014 -  Feature article about me including a picture on the Federal Page 
of the Washington Post. I gave credit in the article to many of the people involved in 
Ebola effort. It is noteworthy that although I saved Tom Friedman's job by convincing 
Sylvia Burwell not to fire him during the missteps by the CDC,  Time magazine included 
Tom Friedman as one of the Persons of the Year in their “Ebola Fighters” issue. They did 
not even mention my name once.   Years ago – Time did the same thing with making 
David Ho “Man of the Year” and now this.  Such is life…
December 19, 2014 – The puzzle of why Adrian Hill (and Jeremy Farrar) have been bad-
mouthing the NIH/GSK approach of a high dose prime without the necessity of a boost.   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 419 ---
417
Adrian is reporting publicly that his 5x10e10 dose gives virtually no response and he 
needs an MVA boost.   His assay is inadequate and he has been told that by Nancy 
Sullivan.   In fact, when he assays with a proper assay he has an expectedly lower 
response than what we get at 1x10e11; however it is not 10x less that the animal-
protective dose.   We get a very adequate animal-protective dose at 1x10e11 and we say 
that this is the dose to give in an epidemic when you may not be able to give a boost.   
We definitely realize that for long term protection, we will need a boost; however, he 
says you need a boost for any protection even though he knows and is holding back the 
real data that disproves his point.   Now we find out that he owns “intellectual property” 
for the prime-boost approach to an Ebola vaccine as opposed to a prime only.   I consider 
this and him egregiously unethical.   I will not make what he is doing public; however, he 
is really a bad person.
Dec. 20-29, 2014 – Discharged Lisa Woods to her parents’ home in Northern Virginia.  
Apart from human interest stories, the press interest (TV, radio) in Ebola has disappeared.  
Relaxed Christmas with all 3 Fauci girls coming home for Christmas.   Usual enjoyable 
Christmas eve birthday dinner at sister Denise’s house.   Chris’s mother attended since 
she was alone for Christmas eve (Joanne Huskey usually takes care of her on Christmas 
Eve and Chris and Joanne share care of their mother on Christmas day).   However, 
Joanne and Jim Huskey went to Guatemala for Christmas leaving their mother with 
Chris.   Barbara (Chris’s mother) has progressive Alzheimer’s disease and is rather 
disoriented, but very pleasant.
On Dec. 22, there was a mess-up at CDC since a worker took and Ebola specimen out of 
BSL-4 into BSL-2 without inactivating the specimen.   Caused press attention when it 
was revealed on Dec. 24.   Chris, I and the girls went for a 2 day (Dec. 26-28) trip and 
rented a beautiful cabin in the Shenandoah and hiked together for 1.5 days (2 nights).   
Tom Frieden called me on my cell phone while I was on a long hike as he has done 
several times now when he is under fire.   He knows that I always support him and he has 
written me nice e-mails telling me how much he values my friendship and how 
supportive I have been to him and CDC.  He called this time because he wanted my take 
on what the damage of this mishap was since Secretary Burwell was quite annoyed and 
implied that CDC was “incompetent”.   I told him that this was a fluke, that the world 
will forget about it very quickly since the exposed person (CDC lab tech) almost certainly 
did not get infected), and that he should just let it go since the story has no legs.   He was 
very appreciative of the conversation.
Jan. 4 – Influenza season looking bad with 67% mismatch of the H3N2 thast is 
circulating and the vaccine H3N2.   This year, unlike 2013-2014 (H1N1), is 99% H3N2.   
I appeared yesterday (Jan. 3) on CNN with Poppy Harlow discussing flu and today on 
ABC This Week with George Stephanopoulos (interviewed by Martha Raddetz).
Jan. 6, 2015 – Former NIAID Director and my predecessor, Dr. Richard Krause, dies at 
age 90.  He was a scholarly man, a bit stiff in the “old school” Rockefeller University 
tradition, but he meant well.   He was sorely criticized by the AIDS activist community 
for his lack of aggressive action in his not asking for new money for AIDS during the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 420 ---
418
early years (1981-1984) when he was Director.   He was gay, but closeted.   KLarry 
Kramer outted him and said that his closet status prevented him from asking for more 
AIDS money.   I succeeded Richard and immediately asked for more money.
Jan 8, 2015 – Did a 1 hour interview of a prolife on me by Brian Lamb to show in 2 
weeks on C-SPAN.
Jan. 15, 2015 – Number of cases very low in Liberia.   Surge in cases in Sierra leone 
starting to come down.  Liberian vaccine trial getting ready to start at end of January, 
beginning of February.   Cliff Lane in Liberia now.   I will go within a few weeks (likely 
early February).
Received award today at the Willard Hotel of 2014 Washingtonian of the Year from 
Washingtonian magazine.   Seven other winners including Gerry Sigal and Arch 
Campbell.
To White House tomorrow to update the “Deputies” on the upcoming vaccine trials in 
West Africa.
Over past week terrible tragedy of terrorism in Paris with Jihadists murdering 12 people 
at the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine offices.   Today another thwarted terrorist attempt 
in Belgium.   Europe on high alert.
Jan. 16, 2016  - White House (EEOB – 374) meeting with Deputies chaired by Ron 
Klain.   Subject matter was vaccine trials and if there is any change in approach now that 
infections are so low, particularly in Liberia.   Also discussed indemnification, liability 
and compensation for trials.  Also discussed the need (or not) for 46 hospitals to be 
“ready” to receive Ebola patients (see above).   I have always been against this since, in 
my mind, most of the hospitals that have volunteered to be “Ebola treatment Units” in the 
USA are really after the government funds that go with it.   The Deputies group was 
discussing reluctance to tell other hospitals that 46 is enough and we will not support any 
more.   I made myself clear that we should just stop recruiting hospitals that we do not 
need and that could likely not be able to handle an Ebola patient if they had to.
Also, met in the AM with Delegation from India (“Vijay) to discuss NIAID – India 
collaborations, particularly the Vaccine Action program (VAP), which has been onging 
for many years. and importantly, a delegation from Liberia and Sierra Leone.   The 
deputy Minister of Sierra Leone (SL) is Dr. Madina Rahman.   She definitely “gets it” 
about the advantage of a RCT and wants to have us conduct such a trial in SL.   This is 
key, since SL is where all the infections are right now with very few in Liberia.   I will 
hook her up with Cliff Lane who is on his way back to USA from Liberia.
Jan. 17, 2015 – Writer and photographer from Financial Times (of London)  came to my 
home today (Saturday) to do story on personal aspects of me.
Jan. 20, 2015 – Visit to NIH of Chairman Tom Cole (R-OK) of the Appriopriations 
Subcommittee.   Accompanied by Rosa DeLauro, Nita Lowy, Andy Harris , Dent, 
Womack.   I presented work on universal flu vaccine, Ebola, Antimicrobila resistance.   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 421 ---
419
Then took them to VRC to show them around to Nancy Sullivan and Julie Ledgerwood.   
Rosa and Nita kept hugging and kissing me, congratulating me on my work.
Big measles outbreak originating in Disneyland.   Much press associated with it and 
cricizing the vaccine denialists.   I have been on several shows (WTOP, etc.)   In 2014 
there have been 644 cases and 23 outbreaks.
Jan. 22, 2015 -  Got MRI tonight of Lumbar-Sacral spine.  Really got scared since I saw 
disc pushing into body of vertebra.   Thought it could be metastatic prostate cancer.   
Turns out to be Schmorl’s Nods.   I do however have bulging discs in lumbar as well as 
in thoracic vertebrae.   Stanley Rothschild feels these are not significant
Jan. 23, 2015 – Did CBS Morning Show with Norah O’Donnell to discuss the measles 
outbreak.   Gave Grand Rounds at Walter Reed.   Extremely well received.
Jan. 24, 2015 – Things really heating up with the measles outbreak.   Resentment 
building against parents who prevent their children from getting vaccinated and so 
endanger other vulnerable children such as infants (who are too young to get vaccinated - 
<12 months old) or immunosuppressed people.
Jan. 25, 2015 - Appeared of PBS NewsHour (weekend edition).   Got call from Sylvia 
Burwell who lives on Tennyson Street, N.W.   She called me because she was in terrible 
low back pain and did not want to go to ER.   I made a house call and determined by 
physical exam that she did not have neurologic issues (i.e. disc).   Felt it was LS strain 
and muscle spasm.   Prescribed heat and rest and get MRI tomorrow with White House 
physician and possible muscle relaxants.   Also, I had discussed with her by phone a 
couple of days ago (she e-mailed me to call her) because she was feeling weak and 
fatigued.   Saw female MD at WH and was told she had “low blood pressure, bradycardia 
and low Na+.   Her EKG was normal and so she was not in heart block.   Was told to 
hydrate more.
Jan. 26, 2015 – More measles.   Appeared by phone on the Diane Rehm Show.   Could 
not go to studio because of NIAID Council meeting at 10:30 AM.   Had snow storm in 
DC – not too bad.   Big time storm in New England.
Had parts of several interviews with CBS (host Scott Simon; producer Nari Avis) who 
will be doing an hour long show on me for CBS Sunday Morning.
Jan. 27, 2015 – More taping for the CBS show.   Did Al Jazeera print and TV on 
measles.
Jan. 28, 2015 – Did CNN International on Measles.   Sue Desmond Hellman, new CEO 
of BMGF came to visit.   She was formerly Chancellor of UCSF.   Wanted to talk about 
continuing good relationship between BMGF and NIAID.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 422 ---
420
Jan. 29, 2015 – Here comes a sticky issue.   The CDC (Anne Schuchat) give press 
conference updating on measles situation.   Today I got several requests to go on TV with 
CNN (Anderson Cooper), Bloomberg, other networks such as CBS Morning Show.   Sara 
Baldauf at HHS tells Patty and Courtney to hold on all TV appearances since “CDC has 
the lead”.   Yet, I have been on multiple shows over the past couple of weeks on measles.   
This idiot Sara is stuck on the Obama Administration theme that you can only have one 
message and one Federal official talking about anything.    She does not understand that 
the press want me.
Jan. 30, 2015 – Happens again.   Martha Raddatz wants me for ABC This Week on 
Sunday and other Sunday shows.    She says no.   Courtney calls up and asks for an 
explanation.   Sara says CDC has lead.   As usual, Courtney says but the Shows are 
asking specifically for Tony and there was an agreement between Francis Collins and Bill 
Corr that when networks and cable ask for me they can get me.   Sara says she does not 
know anything about this agreement. Sara also says, I am not really saying no to Dr. 
Fauci, I am just saying that you should give it to CDC.   Courtney insists that “You are in 
fact saying no to Dr. Fauci”.  
I must include in my book this unbelievable controlling theme for the Press of the HHS 
and Obama Administration.   They would rather have a jerk out there than violate their 
inexplicable rule of various lanes for various topics.   Truly a bunch of assholes.  
Jan. 31 – Feb. 1, 2015 – Francis Collins sent an e-mail to Sylvia Burwell explaining the 
situation with ASPA and my media appearances.   Sylvia says that she will ask Leslie to 
take care of it and that there should not be any restrictions on me.   However, over the 
weekend, approval for several requests for me are delayed making it very inconvenient 
for Patty Conrad to arrange them, and some requests are denied.   Also, Sarah Baldauf 
now sends me talking points on things that are actually scientific issues!!   Unbelievable.   
She monitors my TV appearances and comments on them to me via e-mail. She even 
makes suggestions on scientific issues.  I told Francis and he agrees that this must stop. 
He spoke to the ASPA today and he will speak with Leslie Dach.
   (Feb. 1) -The big feature on me in the Sunday “Home” section of the Financial Times 
came out today.   Many tweets and e-mails from people all over the world who loved the 
piece.   It was a feature about me as a person and my home with great pictures of the 
various rooms in the house and the deck, which they described as my favorite 
“object/thing”.   That is what they do with all of these features – they ask the “celebrity’ 
what his/her favorite thing is.   Mine was my deck.
      Also, today (Sunday – Feb. 1) the crew from “CBS- Sunday Morning” visited my 
house and filmed the last part of what will be an hour feature on me within the next few 
weeks.   Producer is Emmy-nominated Sari Aviv and famous NPR correspondent (now 
doing CBS) Scott Simon.  They filmed Chris and I running on the track at American 
University and then back in the kitchen making a typical Sunday breakfast.   
      Also, BBC is doing a feature on me similar to the CBS feature.  Theirs will show 
globally.   They followed me around NIH and interviewed a bunch of people including 
activists.
   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 423 ---
421
Feb. 2, 2015 – Now Governor Chris Christie is saying that parent should have the choice 
of not vaccinating their children.   He said this juxtaposed against the POTUS saying on a 
Sunday Morning Show that parents should vaccinate their children and “there really is no 
good reason not to”.   Now the media are playing up the conflict between Christie and the 
POTUS similar to the quarantine for Ebola issue.   Everyone wants me on the press to 
comment.   I am picking and choosing with whom I speak since the press definitely wants 
to put me between Christie and Obama.
     Was on NBC Nightly New and NPR with Richard Harris about the measles issue.  
This is becoming the media hype similar to the Ebola issue.   Now Rand Paul is weighing 
in saying parents should decide about vaccinations.   Mike Gerson did a great job in his 
Post column describing the issue.   He quoted me directly.   Chris Wallace of Fax News 
Sunday wants me to debate Rick Perry or Carla Fiorina.   We shall see.
     Cooked dinner tonight at my house (Linguine with scampi and marinara sauce) for 
Harold Varmus and Chris.   I have Harold over the house and cook dinner for him about 
4X per year.   Also, used to do this with Gary Nabel when Gary was Director of VRC 
before he went to Boston to Sanofi to be with his wife Betsy Nabel who is CEO of 
Brigham and Women’s Hospital.   I do this since Harold is alone in DC without his wife 
Connie who stayed in NYC when Harold came down to be Director of NCI.   He stays in 
DC in an apartment on Connecticut Avenue near the Zoo on Monday-Thursday and then 
takes Amtrak back to NYC for Thursday night through Sunday night.  Always an 
enjoyable evening.
Feb. 3, 2015 – Testified today at Congressional Hearing of Commerce and Energy 
oversight Committee (Tim Murphy (R-PA) Chair on Influenza and why the match of 
vaccine was wrong.   Multiple things putting me at the forefront – measles, Ebola, bad flu 
season.
Will do Rachel Maddow Show tonight.   Measles is all over the news.   Also, ISIS sent a 
video where they burned alive a captive Jordanian pilot.
See e-mail below from Cliff.   Serious problem with integrity of the Welcome trust 
people and Chimerix.   The Welcome trust Oxford group were the ones that criticized us 
for wanting to do RCTs.   We insisted that it was the safest and best way to determine 
efficacy or harm.   They said we were unethical.   They are unethical and we cannot say 
anything because of “confidentiality”.
From: Lane, Cliff (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
Sent: Tuesday, February 03, 2015 5:08 PM
To: Borio, Luciana (FDA/OC); Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Cc: Margaret Hamburg
Subject: Re: Daily Mail: Low infection rate halts Ebola vaccine trials in Liberia
Confidential - 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 424 ---
422
This is a complete distortion. The trial was stopped because patients died and the FDA 
sent a threatening letter to the company.  Questions on this will undoubtedly come up as 
we launch the ZMapp trial.  These same individuals accused us in print of being unethical 
for doing RCTs.  
Lu - I need to know what I (or Tony) can say publicly.  For the first time in a 35 year 
career at the NIH I am taking my gloves off.
Tony - I intend to severe any and all collaborations we have with the Wellcome Trust 
over what I consider to be completely unethical behavior and lack of integrity. 
Peggy - if I had not worked with you when you were a special assistant in Tony's off ice 
there is no chance I would see such a note to the FDA Commissioner.  I apologize in 
advance.
Somewhere in HHS we need to move from political correctness and deference to our 
colleagues in other agencies to doing the right thing and trying our best to identify 
effective countermeasures for Ebola virus disease.  It is possible my judgement is being 
skewed by spending too much time in West Africa.  In fact, however, it  I think it has 
been honed.  I think we need a blunt meeting with the Secretary and Leadership of FDA, 
CDC and NIH to put the cards on the table face up. 
Cliff
On Feb 3, 2015, at 7:27 PM, Doepel, Laurie (NIH/NIAID) [E] 
<
LDOEPEL@niaid.nih.gov> wrote:
Low infection rate halts Ebola vaccine 
trials in Liberia
By Afp 
Published: 14:17 EST, 3 February 2015 | Updated: 14:17 EST, 3 February 2015 
Britain's Wellcome Trust said that clinical trials it was funding for a new 
Ebola vaccine in Liberia were halted on Tuesday due to a fall in new 
cases.
"The current position is that there is no realistic prospect of the trial 
enrolling sufficient patients to be able to reach a conclusion about the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 425 ---
423
efficacy of the drug," the Wellcome Trust, Britain's biggest scientific 
research charity, said in a statement.
"Therefore the trial has been terminated," it added.
The Wellcome Trust said the decision was taken on Tuesday after the 
pharmaceutical company Chimerix, which manufactures the brincidofovir 
vaccine, said it was withdrawing from the trial on Friday.
The first large-scale trials of two other Ebola vaccines -- 
GlaxoSmithKline's Chad3-EBO-Z and rVSV-ZEBOV, manufactured by 
Merck and Newlink -- began in Liberia on Monday.
Tuesday's decision was taken by the Trial Steering Committee, which 
includes scientists from Liberia, the University of Oxford and Medecins 
Sans Frontieres.
"We're delighted that infections are falling, but fewer patients makes it 
more difficult to carry out the robust scientific studies needed," Peter 
Horby from the University of Oxford, who was leading the trial, said in a 
statement.
Jeremy Farrar, director of the Wellcome Trust, which is funding a multi-
million pound therapeutics platform for experimental Ebola treatments, 
said it was "disappointing" that the trial could not continue.
"It is essential that other studies of potential treatments and vaccines 
continue and hopefully will still be able to deliver meaningful results for 
this and the inevitable future epidemics of Ebola," he said.
Stephen Kennedy, a study investigator from the Pacific Institute for 
Research and Evaluation in Liberia added: "The scientific community will 
move on without any clear evidence regarding the role of brincidofovir in 
the management of Ebola."
Weekly Ebola infections in west Africa have dropped to below 100 for 
the first time in more than six months, the WHO said last week, raising 
hopes the worst-ever outbreak of the virus is coming to an end.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 426 ---
424
The World Health Organisation said it had now shifted its efforts in 
Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone -- the countries worst-hit by the 
epidemic -- from slowing the spread to stamping it out completely.
 
Feb. 4, 2015 – Max Cooper gave WALS Lecture at NIH.   Went to dinner with him and 
Chris last night at Cesco Osteria on Woodmont Avenue in Bethesda.  Still great press 
interest in the Measles situation now that Presidential hopefuls Chris Christie, Rand Paul 
and others have commented on it.   Rand Paul put his foot in his mouth by saying that 
there are reports of children who walk and talk normally before MMR and then 
immediately after, they can no longer walk, talk, and are autistic.
Good experience on Rachel Maddow Show last night.   We stuck to the science and did 
not get involved with the politics, although she dumped all over Christie and Paul.   Ran 
into Gov. Howard Dean in the NBC Green Room and he was very critical of Paul.
Did Geraldo Rivera Radio Show today and Jose Diaz Belart on MSNBC.   The Sunday 
Shows want me on several times.   Let us see if HHS allows it vis-a-via prior discussions.
ISIS burns alive and shows the video on the internet a Jordanian jet fighter pilot shot 
down over Syria.   The Jordanians are outraged and execute Al-Qaeda prisoners in 
retaliation.  Big news
Feb. 5, 2015 –  Media continues over measles.   Was on Fox National news.  Also, 
Buzzfeed print; Wall Street Journal.   Gave talk on Ebola at the Columbia Country Club 
in Bethesda on Connecticut Avenue.   Biggest crowd they have ever had at these events 
(Distinguished Lecture Series)
Feb. 6, 2015 – HHS approving all my media now.   Today did CNN New Day; The Hill.  
Also did radio interview with John Castamidas for  his NYC Sunday Show.  Was 
supposed to do MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell and another ABC Show but was cancelled 
because Jordanian aircraft bombed ISIS in Syria and the ISIS claims that the bombs 
killed and American woman whom ISIS had kidnapped and was holding hostage.   Now 
all news stations are covering this.
Feb. 7, 2015 – Measles still hot.   Emerging reaction by press and bloggers against 
mothers who do not vaccinate their children.
I appear on CNN with Poppy Harlow about measles
Feb. 8, 2015 – Appear on Sunday TV “Face the Nation” with Bob Shieffer.   Appear with 
CBS Dr. Jon LaPook.
  Fly to Austin, TX for LaMontagne Lecture tomorrow.
Feb. 9, 2015 – Give Inaugural John Ring La Montagne Lecture at University of Texas.  
John did undergraduate and Masters at U of T.  His widow Elaine was present and his 
brother Greg.   Freezing weather in DC and major historic snow storms in New England 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 427 ---
425
(Jenny getting it in Boston); however, absolutely beautiful in Austin at 74 and bright sun.   
These trips are starting to wear me down.   No fun anymore.   I hate airports and my back 
is bothering me.   Made worse by flying.
Feb. 10, 2015 – Went to BBC Studio in DC to tape an interview with Peter Staley about 
our relationship during the AIDS activist era.   This will be part of a larger BBC program 
on the history of AID in which they have me playing a major role in the program.
Did WUSA local TV Channel 9 on measles
Feb. 11, 2015 – Visited White House today at 1:20 PM.  The South Court Auditorium. 
Bright sunny and cold day in DC.   The POTUS thanked all of the EBOLA  HCWs, USG 
officials, and others for our work on Ebola.   He called out several people – Tom Frieden, 
Raj Shah for Ebola response, me and Nancy Sullivan for vaccine development among 
others in the room.   Nancy was up on the stage with the POTUS together with others 
from USPHS, DoD, State, etc.   He gave a good speech.   Met all the team there with 
Leslie Dach, Sylvia Burwell.   Leslie remarked how many people I have trained – Cliff 
lane, Mark Dybul, Peggy Hamburg, etc.   Also there today was Nina Pham and her 
mother Diana.   Gave them both a warm hug and conversation.   Nina doing fine, not yet 
back to work; doing much public speaking.   Mother still worried about full recovery sine 
Nina is still fatigued and losing some of her hair similar to other recovered Ebola 
patients.
Ron Klain’s last day as the Ebola response Coordinator.   I will miss him.
Feb. 14, 2015 – Was supposedto go to San Jose today for the AAAS Annual meeting to 
speak on Ebola.  I backed out due to too much travel.   However, they wanted me to and I 
did participate by video-link in the Press Conference after the session.
The situation with Ebola continues to decrease with very few cases in Liberia.   Sierra 
Leone and Guinea still smoldering.   Was planning on going to Liberia with Cliffi on feb. 
22-26.   However, decided to cancel since my back is very painful and the trip would be 
horrible with the latovers and connection.
Measles sill an issue, but as expected much less press interest.
Feb. 19, 2015 – I had a framed certificate made for Ron Klain that I delivered to his 
office (Revolution LLC) on 1717 Rhode Island Avenue, N.W.   I really like Ron and 
think that he did a great job as Ebola response Coordinator.   He wrote me a wonderful e-
mail after I dropped off the certificate since he was not there when I dropped it off:   See 
e-mail below:
-----Original Message-----
From: Ron Klain [mailto:rklain@aol.com] 
Sent: Thursday, February 19, 2015 6:43 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Thank you!!!!!
Tony,
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 428 ---
426
I so rarely go out to lunch -- so I was completely crushed that I 
missed the extraordinary moment when one of the world's leading doctors 
paid me a house call.  Thank you so much for the wonderful letter and 
incredible gift.  I can tell people now that while infamously do NOT 
have a medical degree I DO have a certificate from the NIH!!!!
On a serious note, I cannot tell you how grateful I am personally for 
your counsel, candor and wisdom during my tenure at the White House.  
And as an American, I can't tell you how grateful I am for your 
leadership for our country and the world.  
I hope our paths cross again some day.  Until then, I am your greatest 
fan and admirer....
With thanks,
Ron
Sent from my iPhone
Feb. 20, 2015 – Outbreak of CRE (Carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae) infections 
at UCLA related to a contaminated duodenoscope for ERCP (endoscopic retrograde 
cholangiopancreatography).
Went on WTOP to discuss the CRE situation at UCLA.   Never a dull moment!
Feb. 21, 2015 – Went on CNN to discuss the 7 cases of CRE that occurred with 2 deaths 
at UCLA in association with contamination of duodenoscope used for ERCP.   Press is 
trying to blame FDA since FDA knew about the problem with duodenoscope 
contamination for a few years.   I did not throw FDA under the bus since there is not 
much they can do about it except to alert hospitals to clean the instruments as best as 
possible.   Cannot pull the 20,000 or so instruments (made by Olympus) since 500,000 
procedures are done in the USA each year and many are life-saving and avoid serious 
surgery.   It is a risk/benefit issue.   Peggy Hamburg ran into Chris in Safeway and Peggy 
must have seen the CNN interview since she told Chris to thank me for not throwing 
FDA under the bus.
Feb. 23, 2015 – I am finally convincing Tom Frieden not to oppose the therapeutic RCT 
for ZMapp that Cliff wants to expand from Liberia to Sierra Leone since there are very 
few cases of Ebola in Liberia and still several new cases each day in Sierra Leone.   The 
RCT for the vaccine trial is coming along well in Liberia.  I was supposed to go to 
Liberia yesterday, but have postponed the trip since my back is hurting badly and also 
because the president of Liberia (Ellen Johnson Sirleaf) is visiting HHS and I need to be 
there to help greet her.
Measles still in the press.  Will discuss live tonight on BBC TV with Katty Kay
Feb. 24, 2015 – Went to NYC for the DDCF Board of Trustees Meeting.  Good to see the 
Board.   Have missed a couple of meetings due to the Ebola crisis.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 429 ---
427
Big breakthrough in food allergy published in the NEJM.   NIAID funded the study.   
Showed that early age consumption of peanut products in children with diathesis for 
allergic reaction significantly decreases incidence of peanut allergy after 60 months.
I appeared and was interviewed by Jeff Green on The NewsHour to discuss it.
Feb. 27, 2015 – Still in an amazing cold wave in Washington, D.C.   A few days ago it 
was 2 below at IAD.  
Went to Humphrey Building today at 8:00 AM to meet with Liberian President Ellen 
Johnson Sirleaf.   Hosted by Sylvia Burwell.   Her staff included Liberian Minister to the 
USA, among others.   On our side was Peggy Hamburg, Cliff Lane, Francis Collins, Tom 
Kenyon (CDC).   Has good conversation about our efforts in Liberia, particularly the 
vaccine trial and the ZMapp trial that was announced today in Liberia.   The President 
profusely thanked us for helping out with their Ebola issue.   She is a very sharp lady.
Feb. 28, 2015 – Had another one of those great dinners hosted by Catherine and Wayne 
Reynolds at the Book Room of the Jefferson Hotel.   Freezing weather.   Great guests 
including Vernon Jordan and his wife Ann; David Petraeus and wife Molly, Jim Johnson 
and his date Heather (?), Buffy Cafritz.   Interesting discussions by Jordan on the political 
arena of Hilary Clinton and her candidacy.  Petraeus spoke about the ISIS treat, Iraq and 
the Middle East.   One of the best of the Reynolds’s dinners.   Chris could not be there.   
She was in Northern California cheering on Ali who was running a marathon in the Napa 
Valley.
March 3, 2015 – Testified before the House Labor – HHS Appropriations Subcommittee 
for the NIH budget.   As usual for the past few years, it was only a 2 hour Hearing with 
Francis Collins testifying and me backing him up at the table together with Gary Gibbons 
(NHLBI), Tom Insel (NIMH), Nora Volkow (NIDA) and Jon Lorsch (NIGMS).   Hearing 
started early (8:30 AM)   since Benjamin Netanyahu was speaking before a Joint Session 
of Congress at the invitation of Speaker Boehner and against the wishes of Obama.  He 
was making the argument that the USA was making a “bad deal” with Iran on nuclear 
control versus sanctions.
     During the Hearing Congressman Andy Harris (R-MD) made the point that he felt that 
we were spending too much on AIDS compared to other diseases with much more of a 
morbidity and mortality impact on the USA.   He wants to allocate money strictly 
according the disease burden in the USA.   Hence, this would destroy funding for malaria 
and TB and greatly hurt funding for AIDS.   Obviously, I will be opposing this.
     Still record cold weather and lots of snow in DC.
March 5, 2015 – Was supposed to go to Boston yesterday evening in order to speak at an 
Ebola Forum at Harvard today.   However, a big snow storm was forecast for DC for 
today and I was afraid that I would get stuck in Boston. I wisely, did not go and actually 
gave my talk and Panel discussion via “GoToMeeting”, which worked very well.   Paul 
Farmer was on the panel in Boston.   Good thing that I did not go since DC got 8 inches 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 430 ---
428
of snow and all flights were cancelled from Boston to DC.  I would have been stuck 
there.
March 6, 2015 – Met with Nina Russell and Emilio Emini from the Bill and Melinda 
Gates foundation (BMGF),  Emilio is taking over as the Director of Global Health for 
BMGF and he wanted to review our mutual commitments for the AIDS vaccine plans 
(i.e. the P5 follow-up of the RV144 study).   He wanted to re-examine the criteria for 
moving forward with candidates.   Emilio generaly thinks that he knows everything; 
however, on this one he has a valid point and so we will do this together.
Cliff Lane in Liberia (also Sierra Leone) now for the 7th time in a few months trying now 
to expand the RCT vaccine trial to Guinea and also expand the therapeutic trials with 
ZMapp to Sierra Leone and possibly Guinea since there are virtually no patients in 
Liberia.   Cliff and I had phone call early (6:30 AM) with Cliff in Sierra Leone, me in DC 
at home, and Yves Levy and Jean-Francois Delfraissy in Paris to try and get a 
collaboration going in Guinea for the trials since the French have a presence in Guinea.
March 9, 2015 -  Went downtown today to be the BBC studio to do the final taping of 
the segment that they will be doing on HIV/AIDS were I am the moderator and narrator. 
In the afternoon, I attended the FDA/NIH Leadership Council meeting to discuss better 
ways of collaboration between the NIH and FDA. 
March 10, 2015 -  Gave the after dinner talk at the Project Hope Board meeting at the 
Willard Hotel in Washington DC. I spoke on Ebola: The Perfect Storm. It was extremely 
well received and the evening was pleasant. Ran into former Secretary of HHS Louis 
Sullivan.
March 11, 2015 -  Was Visiting Professor at the John's Hopkins Hospital and Medical 
School. Gave two major talks: 1) a formal lecture on Ebola, and 2) a lecture to the 
students and fellows on my career as a scientist, clinician, policymaker. 
March 12, 2015 - There was a considerable misunderstanding involving a situation in 
Sierra Leone. Cliff Lane is trying to expand the randomized controlled trial of ZMapp 
versus standard of care in countries in addition to Liberia with the protocol he has already 
started. As it turns out the commanding general in charge of the British military hospital 
in Sierra Leone, Brig. Gen. Tim Hodgetts, was under the misimpression regarding the 
protocol was standard of care to see ZMapp + standard of care versus standard of care 
alone . And so he said that this trial was unethical and refused to participate in it. The 
reason why this is important  is because an American citizen who works for Partners in 
Health became infected while working in Sierra Leone. We had made arrangements to air 
evacuate the patient to the NIH clinical Center as soon as possible. Because the patient 
was in the British facility, we wanted to start the randomization to one or the other arm of 
the protocol while the patient was still in Sierra Leone before flying back the United 
States. Brigadier General Hodgetts stated that he would give ZMapp as a compassionate 
use but would not participate in the randomized protocol. He felt it was unethical to delay 
the flight to the USA by giving the person a placebo if in fact the person randomized to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 431 ---
429
placebo limb. We arranged a teleconference with him and I led the teleconference. I 
explained to the general that there was no placebo and that if the patient randomized to 
the standard of care alone arm we would not delay the flight and he would immediately 
come to the United States. If the patient randomized to the ZMapp arm we would give the 
personZMapp right away and then put him on a plane. When he heard that, he apologized 
blocking this protocol and we agreed that with the next patient who came through, he 
would be able to help us by participating in the protocol. However, it was too late for this 
patient since we had already arranged to put the patient on the plane to come back here to 
the United States.
March 13, 2015 - Woke up at 1:45 AM to get to the NIH in time to greet the patient who 
was being flown in by chartered flight to Dulles Airport to then come to the NIH by 
ground transportation. The patient's name is Preston Gorman. He is a 34-year-old white 
male from Texas. He was working for Partners in Health. Over the past 48 hours in 
preparation to get this patient Paul Farmer has written me several e-mails indicating that 
he told the patient and the patient's family that since I was taking care of the patient that 
he would be getting the best care in the world. The patient arrived rather sick with 
nausea, vomiting, liver function abnormalities, lactic acidosis, and profound weakness. 
His condition was deemed to be “serious”. He arrived at Dulles Airport at 3:16 AM. He 
arrived by ground transportation at the NIH at 4:45 AM. We admitted him to the special 
clinical studies unit (SCSU) and he was randomized into the protocol. As it turned out he 
was randomized to the supportive therapy and general medical care alone. In other words, 
he did not get ZMapp. In some respects, this is good since if he was randomized to 
ZMapp, it is certain that some people would have said that we actually put him on the 
ZMapp deliberately because he was an American citizen. More later on this patient.
March 14, 2015 - Today was a very important day in my personal experience with the 
Ebola Virus Disease.  Nothing  like on-hands experience.   When Nina Pham was in the 
hospital, I had the opportunity to put on personal protective equipment (PPE) and mostly 
observe and certainly not get involved in her direct care. Although she sick, she was not 
acutely ill and there was little chance of coming into contact with infected bodily fluid. 
However, the situation with Preston Gorman was entirely different; he is one of the 
sickest people I have ever had experience with. It was a rainy day today, Saturday in 
Bethesda. I went over to the SCSU and put on the PPE. I went into the room with 
Anthony Suffredini and Rick Davey together with nurse Megan. It was an entirely 
different situation. Preston had a rectal tube in and was putting out copious diarrhea that 
he was also leaking around the rectal tube. His urinary catheter was putting out good 
urine. He had a temperature of 39° ; his blood pressure was okay when he had diffuse 
maculopapular rash throughout his entire body. He was extremely weak and could barely 
talk. His liver enzymes were elevated and his lactate level was 2.9. His electrolytes were 
reasonably good. However his D-dimer was 20, which is about as high as it can get on 
the scale of measurement. He was thrombocytopenic and went from 140,000 platelets to 
70,000 to 50,000 to 30,000.  We will hold off platelet transfusions until he either bleeds 
and/or goes below 20,000.  I assisted in all aspects of his care for an hour and 45 min. in 
the hot zone. This included moving and turning him in order to do an echocardiogram, 
examining his extremities and listening to him speak as he was coughing directly at us.  I 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 432 ---
430
did not see any droplets coming out of his mouth as he coughed; however,  I remember 
thinking thank goodness for the PPE. This experience brought into sharp relief for me the 
reason for the high case fatality of Ebola and why so many HCWs get infected. If were in 
West Africa, preston would be dead and Rick, Anthony and I would have gotten infected 
taking care of him if we did not have the state-of-the-art PPE.  After an hour and 45 min. 
we doffed and waited for his parents. His parents Gene (Merle) and Esther Gorman are 
from Dallas, Texas. They came with Bible in hand to visit their son. Rick Davey, Cliff 
Lane, and I spent well over an hour with them explaining the situation and the 
seriousness of it. We then brought them into the nurse’s station where they were able to 
speak with their son through video link. They could see him but he could not see them. 
Of note before we brought them into the nurse’s station to see him through the video,  we 
mentioned to Preston that we were going to bring them into the room. He got very 
concerned that he wanted to get cleaned up from the diarrhea that soiled his bed and was 
over parts of his leg. In addition, his PIC line was bleeding around site and so that needed 
to be cleaned up. It took the nurses about 45 min. to an hour to get him perfectly clean so 
that he could feel comfortable talking to his parents even though his parents would not be 
able to see any of the soiled linen or pajamas from the distance that they were at the video 
link. It was a very moving conversation between the parents and Preston. Mr. Gorman 
ended up the conversation by reading a passage from the Old Testament. And then he 
turned to us in the room and said “what a wonderful country we live in that would put so 
much effort into the saving the life of one person - our son. There was not a dry eye in the 
room.
I went home that night completely exhausted and went with Christine to Bourbon Steak 
bar and restaurant at the Four Seasons Hotel in Georgetown to unwind.
March 15, 2015. Came into work again today which is Sunday. The day has turned into a 
very bright sunny day with a brisk wind. Again, I went to the SCSU and Rick Davey and 
I went in together to take care of Preston. Some lab parameters are better and some are 
worse. The most worrisome of all is his respiratory situation. We have corrected what we 
believe is over hydration by cutting down on his fluids and giving him a diuretic. 
However his temperature is still 39 and he is still breathing at 35 to 40 breaths per 
minute. Of particular concern is the fact that on 2 L/min of nasal oxygen, his oxygen 
saturation is still only about 88%. Also, on call is Bob Danner from the ICU. Bob 
increased the nasal oxygen to 4 L/min and we had a discussion about the possibility that 
we might need to intubate the patient since he will likely soon get soon very tired from 
breathing at 35 to 40 breaths per minute. Cliff Lane was on a phone conversation with the 
people from Emory and Nebraska and they mentioned that even when they thought that 
they had very good control of intake and output of fluids, around day 8 to 10 of illness, 
patients often had unexplained accelerated respiratory difficulty requiring prolonged 
intubation. I hope that it does not come to that with Preston; however, it is entirely 
conceivable that it will. I will go over to the SCSU again tonight for a conference with all 
of the team to make these decisions.
Drama tonight in the SCSU.        Some change in status.  All Preston’s metabolic 
numbers, BP and cardiovascular, kidneys etc. were fine and even improving.   However, 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 433 ---
431
he continued to be tachypneic at 35-38 resp/min.  During the day, his OxSats were in the 
low nineties and he responded first to increasing nasal O2 from 2 to 4L/min.   However, 
as we got into the evening, his OxSats dropped into the high 80s.  His resp. rate was 38-
40.  We considered elective intubation at that point, but watched him for another hour to 
see if he would stabilize.   Instead, his OXSats dropped to 78-80 despite increasing the 
nasal O2.  His resp. rate went to 40+.  At that point we did an elective intubation 
performed by Bob Danner of the Clinical Center ICU.   It was uneventful and now he is 
paralyzed with deep sedation and on the respirator.   His OxSat is now 99-100% and the 
machine  is set at 15; he is breathing on his own at 20/min.   We spoke to our colleagues 
at Emory and Nebraska who had taken care of Ebola patients in an intensive care setting.   
They said that this was exactly what they had seen, i.e. a patient seems to be doing well 
with good numbers and then goes into an ARDS picture.   They intubated them and after 
a variable period of time, the patients (2 in number) recovered.   Hopefully, that is what 
we will see with Preston.  He went through the night without incident.
March 16, 2015 – Spent 2 hours in the SCSU “Hot Zone” with Bob Danner (ICU 
specialist) and Kwan (ID Fellow).   Preston went into renal shutdown likely due to Acute 
Tubular Necrosis (ATN).  We spent the time trying to balance the pushing of fluids with 
giving Lasix diuretic.  Now at 24 hours after intubation, his pulmonary situation is 
fine.   He is on 35% with 5 PEP and his Sats are 95-100%.   His BP and cardiovascular 
function are fine.  Labs are all about the same and a little better except for one disturbing 
trend.   His creatinine has gone from 0.8 to 1.0 to 1.3 to 1.6 to 1.9 just 1 hour ago.   From 
6:00 to 7:00 PM he put out no urine after having put out about 40 cc the prior hour.   We 
pushed fluids and he has only put out about 25 cc/hour over the past 3 hours.  Diarrhea is 
still profuse.   We are going to continue to push fluids to see if he opens up.   Looks like 
ATN, which is puzzling since he has always had good perfusion with good BPs.   The 
people at Emory tell us that this is exactly what they saw with their sickest patient, i.e. 
patient’s numbers look good, then unexpected ARDS, the latter corrected by 
intubation/respirator, then unexplained ATN requiring dialysis, followed by prolonged 
and slow recovery.   Strange disease this Ebola.   We will continue to push fluids during 
the night and then (depending on his creatinine), consider the option of 
dialysis.   Hopefully, we will not have to go there.
March 17, 2015 – Went to morning report at 8:00 AM.   Bob Danner reviewed what 
happened after I left the Unit last night.   Creatinine now up to 2.5.   Patient clearly in 
renal shutdown.  
Larry Altman gave very nice James C. Hill Memorial Lecture at the Lipsett Auditorium 
on the Journalistic Hx of AIDS.
Decided not to go to the Wilson Center for the Tom Daschle/Bill Frist dinner since 
Preston’s renal function continues to deteriorate and I want to go to the “sign off” 
meeting in the SCSU at 6:30 PM.   At SCSU, Creatinine up to 3.3.   .   I am looking for a 
silver lining, but the upward trajectory of the creatinine is slightly less than it was 
yesterday.   We may need to dialyze him, but I am hoping that his creatinine stabilizes at 
3.7 to 3.9 and then starts to slowly come down without dialysis.   Having said that, we 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 434 ---
432
will not hesitate to dialyze him.  Also, he has some strange neurologic manifestations 
with an atypical tonic/clonic movements, but no other manifestations of brain or cord 
disease.  There is a whole new chapter of Ebola disease manifestations to be written now 
that we can keep people alive who otherwise would have died days ago if there were in a 
Unit in West Africa without the equipment and manpower that we have.   Last night there 
were 6 of us in the room with him.   The good news is that his AST is starting to come 
down and the best news is that his CT value is now 29.96, which means to me that his 
immune system is starting to control the virus replication.    If the downward trend of his 
virus continues and we can just keep him stable for the next 4 or 5 days, I believe and 
hope that we can get him through this.
Meeting more ICU docs including Parker Ruhl from NHLBI.   She is on call tonight and 
checked with her at 10:00 PM by phone.   
     Also, am doing nightly e-mail reports to Paul Farmer who is in Peru with his daughter 
Catherine.
March 19, 2015 -    All non-renal numbers going in the right direction.   Still in acute 
renal failure; however, the rise in creatinine is perhaps a bit less “steep” – creatinine 5.9 
and BUN 111.  We may well have to start dialysis today.   Decision to be made mid-day 
today.   His cycle (CT) is now up to 31.5 and so his immune system is certainly clearing 
the virus.  Persistent fever prompting broad antibiotic coverage.   Had a scary episode last 
night.   As we were tapering him off heavy sedation it appeared that he was calm and 
doing well with the taper.  However with two nurses in the room and the rest of us 
(physicians, nurses, WatSans, et al) taking evening report, he abruptly woke up in a 
delirium flailing his arms and legs despite soft restraints (he is 6’2” and very strong).   He 
pulled out his PIC line and pulled out the tubing to his endotracheal tube.    It was a 
nightmare for the 2 nurses in the room who had to simultaneously press down with a 
towel on the bleeding PIC line site, bag him through the endotracheal tube, hold him 
down and try to get Versed into him.   We all got up and scrambled to Don but this took 
(even going at light speed) about 5 minutes leaving the 2 nurses in the room with 5 
minutes of terror. Dan Chertow, Rick Davey and Tara Palmore went in and Bob Danner 
and I manned the nurses station and read the monitor to the people in the room.   We 
decided that it would ne dangerous and non-productive to have everyone in the 
room.   Real scare came when Neil (head nurse on that shift), who was one of the 2 
nurses with Kim, doffed, he noticed when he took off his inner glove that his hand was 
bleeding.  As you can imagine, the trauma of the prior 5 minutes and now a bloody hand 
brought us all, particularly Neil, over the top.   Luckily, the blood was his (injured his 
hand against bed rail when holding down patient) and his gloves were intact.   Tara 
Palmore checked his gloves by filling them with water and there were no leaks.   We 
soon got everything under control and he is now the same as pre-event, only now under 
heavy sedation, which we would have had to do anyway if we ultimately decide to 
dialyze him.   PIC line was replaced by VAT (Vascular access Team).
March 20, 2015 – Patient stable this AM.   First day of Spring today and we have snow 
in DC.   What a winter – Ugh!  Went in again today to go over patient with Dan Chertow.   
In for about 65 minutes.  Making morning (8:00 AM) and evening (6:30 PM) report now 
every day with the Unit staff.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 435 ---
433
March 21, 2015 - Good news. Creatinine stabilized for 3 determinations in a row at 
around 6 with BUN at around 115. We may get away without having to dialyze. Main 
problem now is meningoencephalitis. Avi Nath (NINDS- neurologist) helping out with 
neuron-management.   He can only do so by history and video since he is not trained to 
enter room. We cannot fully evaluate this until we lighten up his sedation, given what 
happened the other night, we will do this very slowly. We have started low dose heparin 
now that his platelets are coming up. CT (Cycle threshold) is now 34.5!   All we need to 
do is avoid PEs and bleeding. More later.
Now the Norwegians and to some extent the Canadians (much less so) are getting upset 
with us since we are working with the Guineans via INSERM (Delfraissy/Levy) and the 
interaction between the Liberians and Guineans to expand the vaccine RCT to Guinea, 
where there are still cases.   The Norwegians are trying to do a “Ring Vaccination” study 
around cases similar to what was done with smallpox.   However, the smallpox situation 
was using a proven, highly effective vaccine.   You do not “test” a vaccine in a ring 
“study”.   The Norwegians are concerned that our introduction of an RCT where they are 
doing a Ring study would be a problem.   I can understand what their concern is; 
however, the elephant in the room is the fact that there study is not a study.   It is a 
“distribution” of an unproven product.   This is the same European mentality that just 
because this is a serious disease, then there is no room for research; just distribute what 
you have.   This same mentality led to Guinea adopting Favipiravir as standard of care 
based on an open access study that claimed benefit; however, when the data was 
presented at the CROI meeting, it was clear that there was no indication of efficacy since 
the outbreak incidence was shifting during the study and historical controls were not 
valid.   God bless Cliff for sticking to his guns about RCT and good science.   In this 
regard, my old friend Tore Godal from Norway e-mailed me with concern about our 
study since he is one of the Norwegians who are pushing the Ring study.  Of note, in their 
communications, nowhere are there any Guineans.   Sounds like the old paternalism.
March 22, 2015 (Sunday)– Spent all of the day at NIH and hours in the SCSU in with 
patient and doing AM and PM rounds.   Danny Jaswal was the ICU attending and Tuan 
was the ID person.   Avi Nath did neuro exam and actually wwent into the room after 
getting trained in PPE
March 23, 2015 - .   I have some good news.   His renal function continues to improve 
with a creatinine today of 3.6.  He is in the polyuric phase of ATN with a urine output 
after stopping Lasix over the past 24 hours of >100 cc/hr. His LFTs have 
normalized.   His cardiopulmonary function is good.   On neuro exam today, his board-
like stiff neck can now bend by 45 degrees and his sustained clonus is now down to 5 
beats.   We had our  ophthalmologist (Rachel Bishop) examine him today with a neat 
gadget hooked onto a cell phone, which together with a hand lens gave us a good look at 
his retina.    Good news is that he has no papilledema and no evidence of clinically 
significant uveitis.   Tomorrow morning we will attempt to stop his ketamine and 
fentanyl and gradually taper off his propofol.   If he wakes up without being combative 
and is stable for a period of time, we will consider pulling his endotracheal tube.  His CT 
is 37 and so he is almost cleared of virus from his blood. Fingers crossed.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 436 ---
434
Paul Farmer called my cell phone as I was getting ready to do today and I gave him a 
summary of Preston’s progress.   
Having “political issues” with the Norwegians getting upset that Cliff and I want to 
extend our RCT vaccine trial to Guinea since they are doing the ring vaccination there.   
See my comments above.
March 24, 2015 – Same political issues regarding the potential NIH RCT in Guinea.   
Kai Kupferschmidt from Nature wanting to do a story about “rivalry among scientists.  
Like the Peter Duesberg situation decades ago, they are “equating” us with Marie-Paul 
Kieny of WHO.   I cannot say to Kai, but Marie-Paul is an idiot.   Had long 3-way 
conversation over the phone:  Kai who just flew in from berlin for the Filovirus Meeting 
in DC tomorrow is connected from his hotel here in DC; Cliff from his home and me 
from my home (10:00 PM).   We try to explain to Kai that we are not trying to interfere 
with the “Ring” trial; we just want to get the correct answer for the good of all of West 
Africa.   He keeps pushing that they started off with Guinea and now that Liberia has 
few/no infections, we want to go to Guinea and “ruin” their study.   Nonsense.   You can 
do 2 studies simultaneously in as large a country as Guinea.   Besides, ring vaccination is 
not a study; it is vaccine distribution of an unproven vaccine.
March 25, 2015 - Good news at SCSU:   We extubated Preston uneventfully! Went in to 
see him and he is emotionally very grateful for what our team did for him.   Paul Farmer 
came up from Haiti to visit Preston as well as the other PIH personnel (contacts to 
Preston) who are “nested” in the Maryland area for observation in case they develop sxs.  
Organ system function markedly improving.  Creatinine 1.4!!  Still some muscle 
weakness.   Will leave urinary catheter in tonight and keep him NPO since his voice is 
very weak and his trachea is irritated.  CT is 39+; however, his CT of his trachea aspirate 
is 26.   Could there be sequestration of virus in tracheal secretions or is this just 
accumulation of dead virus
Kai (above) is still agitating with questions to Cliff about our upsetting the Norwegian 
study.
Met with Morgan Fairchild in my office today at 3:30 PM to discuss what NIAID could 
do for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, now re-named Severe Exertion Intolerance Disease 
(SEID).
Will give talk tomorrow at the Filovirus Meeting in DC and so will miss Harold 
Varmus’s last IC Director meeting.   Said goodbye to him and Connie today.  I will miss 
him greatly.
March 26, 2015 – I have been chosen by Fortune magazine as one of the world’s 50 
greatest leaders.   Also, I am on Time magazine list for voting “100 of the world’s most 
influential people”
Patient doing well.   
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 437 ---
435
Gave talk at the 7th International Filovirus Meeting at Marriott Hotel at Metro Center run 
by Heinz Feldmann.   Talk went over very well.   Kai Kupferschmidt was in audience and 
was blown away when I showed slides of me in PPE taking care of Preston.   He came 
over afterwards and is writing a short online blog on how incredible it is that a director of 
a large research institute who is 74 years old is taking care of an Ebola patient.
Spent a full hour with Preston in the SCSU.   He is now very talkative; however, he does 
have a slight expressive aphasia.   His strength is coming back and he is taking a soft diet 
(apple sauce, etc.).   Creatinine now 1.2.   CT around 39.   May still have some virus in 
tracheal secretions.   He has an occasional cough that is dry; may be slightly aspirating 
due to pharyngeal muscle weakness.  Paul Farmer heading out tomorrow to go back to 
West Africa via Boston.
March 27, 2015 - Today was a very interesting day. The patient is wide-awake all of his 
chemistry numbers are normal. I spent a full hour in the room with him speaking with 
him about a variety of subjects. He clearly is in somewhat of a hypomanic state. He 
continually speaks and in a pressured manner.  We now know that he has a depressive 
disorder on meds and this hypomanic state could be a combination of our inadvertently 
taking him off his psychotropic meds (although his ketamine, etc.) would substitute for 
that) and his developing a manic phase to his underlying depression as a result of the 
amazing stress of his illness.  As far as his organ system function goes he is doing very 
well except for some residual weakness and conjunctivitis in his right eye. We hope that 
this is not Ebola uveitis. He will be seen by ophthalmology tomorrow.
Cliff Lane and I had a very disturbing conversation today with Yves Levy (President of 
INSERM) who is in Paris. It is becoming very clear that Marie-Paule Kieny (WHO) for 
political reasons in order to show that the World Health Organization was doing 
something for Ebola has been pushing a ring vaccination trial in Guinea together with the 
Norwegians. Cliff and I (mostly the hard work of Cliff) are working with the Guineans to 
expand our Liberian RCT vaccine trial to Guinea where there are still infections going 
on.   WHO and the Norwegians do not want us to start the RCT in Guinea and are leaking 
to the press that we are trying to “derail” their trial.   In fact, the Norwegian government 
has complained to our State department about our trying to start the RCT in Guinea.   The 
French (Levy and Delfraissy) agree with Cliff and I that the ring vaccination in Guineas 
will not be able to determine efficacy.   Of note, both Levy and Delfraissy are on the 
scientific advisory board for that trial even though they do not believe that it is 
scientifically sound.   I gently chastised Yves on the phone telling him that he should 
resign from the board.   Bottom line is that he told Cliff and me that this is politically 
sensitive since Marie-Paule is pushing the ring trial purely for “political reasons” in 
trying to show that WHO is “doing something and leading something”.   For some 
inexplicable reason, she has gotten the Norwegians (John-Arne…) to buy into this.   Yves 
knows as do Cliff and I that Marie-Paule is close to being incompetent and knows 
nothing about the research method of clinical trials.   First, there should not be a ring 
vaccination since ring approach assumes that the vaccine works.  We are trying to 
determine scientifically if it works.   Everyone knows that an RCT is the “gold standard” 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 438 ---
436
to determine safety and efficacy.   We are convinced that the Guineans would go along 
with the best scientific approach.   Yet, WHO is trying to block the initiation of our trial 
until they have finished their trial that everyone with any sense knows that the ring trial 
will be inadequate.   This is “politics” at its worst.   Marie-Paule should really be fired.  If 
we were the type to leak this to the press such as to Jon Cohen or Kai Kupferschmidt 
from Science, this would be a scandal for WHO.
Finally, in the arena of incompetence and politics, the “Favipiravir study” in Guinea done 
by MSF and the French is claiming to show that it works (see above) even though there is 
no control group except an “historical control”.   Now the French are telling us that the 
Guineas are making Favi part of their standard of care (SOC).   Thus, is we want to 
extend out ZMapp study to Guinea (where there are infections), then we would not be 
able to compare SOV versus SOC + ZMapp as we are doing in the USA and Liberia, and 
now Sierra Leone.   The FDA and we feel that FAVI should not be SOC and if fact might 
be harmful.  We will try to work with the health and political types in Guinea to get a 
proper ZMapp study going.   Truly amazing politics, ignorance, and LACK of 
INTEGRITY on the part of people including people in WHO.   MSF just does not know 
much about doing clinical research, even though they are “heroes” for their clinical care 
work.
March 28, 2015 – Unusually cold, clear day for Spring in Bethesda.  Around 28 in the 
AM.  Patient continues to do well.   Still hypomanic and not getting any sleep.   We are 
reluctant to medicate him too much due to concern about prolonged QTC.
Cliff and I continued our conversation by phone with Yves Levy in Paris and us in Cliff’s 
conference Room on the 4th Floor of the ACRF in Building 10.  Yves now agrees with 
everything that I indicated in note from March 27 (above).   He will work to help get the 
RCT done in Guinea and we will work together with the RCT therapy trial in that the 
French will try to do the SOC + FAVI Versus SOC+FAVI+ZMAPP and we will do  SOC 
versusSOC + ZMapp.
March 29, 2015 – Sat up about 45 minutes with Preston today (Sunday – sunny but very 
cold for end of March in DC – 23 degrees F).   Continues to improve markedly.  Moving 
all extremities well.   Left arm issue resolving.   Conjunctivitis improving.   Sitting up 
and eating progressive diet.   Speaking every day with his mother and friend who come 
up from Houston where he lives.   We are considering changing status to “Fair”.   Of 
note, we still get very weak PCR signal from sweat, saliva and urine one or more of 
which alternates on different days from weakly positive to negative.   This will have 
implication for his release and for broad policy given that the Liberian woman got 
infected (and died) from her sex partner who was an Ebola patient in the 100+ day of 
recovery.     Interesting to see how this will all play out.
March 30, 2015 – Preston getting much better with strength and neuro approaching 
normal.   Still too weak to get out of bed, but can stand for 1 minute.   Eating voraciously; 
maybe too much since he has been having Gatorade, pizza, ham sandwiches and actually 
vomited.   After this he felt fine.   Have upgraded his condition from “serious” to “fair”.  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 439 ---
437
CT in blood is negative (40 CT)   Also, urine, saliva is negative.   Interesting issue is that 
axillary sweat is persistently positive (~32 CT).
Cliff and I will meet with the US Ambassador to Guinea at the State department 
tomorrow to try and work out the issue with performing an RCT vaccine trial in Guinea.
Marie-Paule Kieny is truly a fraud and acting purely on political motives.   The WHO 
does not want us or anyone to start an RCT in Sierra Leone with ZMapp until they finish 
their TKM-EBOV open access trial (treat one ETU) and compare it historically to 
another ETU.  This stance even though the pre-clinical data on ZMapp are infinitely more 
promising than those from TKM-EBOV.   They would rather finish their study and delay 
the start of a trial with a promising drug just because they “politically” want to be a 
player.
Also, in the vein of everybody wants to be somebody, various groups including Welcome 
Trust, and even the BMGF want to start the Global Research Collaboration for Infectious 
Diseases Preparedness (GloPID-R) – a network of funding organizations in the area of 
infectious Diseases research.   Obviously, we are the major player and these other 
organizations have little to ad, but they want a network that would require us to go to 
endless meetings and give them a say of what the direction of the research would be.   
Ugh!   Been there, done that with the HIV Vaccine Enterprise, etc.
March 31, 2015 – Preston continues to improve with increased strength.   Need to figure 
out way to get him back to Dallas where his parents live.   He lives in Houston.  
Technically, since he is now PCR negative X2, he can fly commercial; however, the 
optics will be bad – people get hysterical if they find out he is an ex-Ebola patient.   And 
so wrote to Paul Farmer to see if PIH will pay for a charter for him to fly from DC to 
Dallas.
 Cliff and I went down to State Department to meet with US Ambassador to Guinea – 
Alexander Mark Laskaris to get his help in smoothing the way for us to do the RCT for 
the Ebola vaccine in Guinea since Guinea is where the infections are and the Norwegians 
and WHO clearly do not want us to do the trial there (see above).   Laskaris totally gets 
that WHO are the “bad” guys and have lost all credibilityand he will support us.
Chris and I took out Denise and jack to Fiola Mare restaurant in Georgetown for jack’s 
80th birthday.
Below is final communication between Harold Varmus in his last official day as NCI 
Director and me.   He has been a dear friend as NIH Director and over the past 5 years as 
NCI Director:
From: Varmus, Harold (NIH/NCI) [E] 
Sent: Tuesday, March 31, 2015 3:51 PM
To: Fauci, Anthony (NIH/NIAID) [E]
Subject: Re: Nice article 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 440 ---
438
Tony, thanks.   I had hoped to stop  by your office for a farewell in person today, but events overtook 
that possibility.   (I had meetings all morning and then other distractions up to train time.   Besides, 
you were probably suited up on the Ebola ward!)
I expect to see you in NYC very soon; this time I will cook for you (or take you to one of our 
neighborhood hot spots).
Best to you and Chris.   You got me through some crises of confidence and intention, even without 
realizing what you had done and I am now eager for my new life.
HV
From: <Fauci>, Anthony Fauci <AFAUCI@niaid.nih.gov>
Date: Tuesday, March 31, 2015 at 3:43 PM
To: Harold Varmus <harold.varmus@nih.gov>
Subject: Nice article 
Harold:
    I cannot let these waning hours of your final day as an official NIH- ER go by without again 
bidding you a fond farewell, a farewell from NIH, but not from our friendship. Hope to see you again 
soon.
Best,
Tony
April 1, 2015 – Preston continues marked improvement.   Sitting up in cardiac chair; off 
full PPE and now on contact isolation only.   He walked with help from the hot zone 
room to the contact isolation room.  Preston even played an April Fool’s joke on Rick 
Davey by feigning severe illness when Rick came in the room.   Preston claimed that he 
did not know who Rick was or who Nurse Megan was.   Parents delighted.
Tom Burton of Wall Street Journal is digging into the story about the conduct of 
Welcome trust, WHO and Chimerix (brincidofavir).   He is a smart reporter and is 
catching on to the scandalous conduct of these parties.
April 2, 2015 – Gave Q and A-type lecture on 7th floor of Humphrey Building hosted by 
Bill Schultz the General Counsel of HHS.   Big crowd of all the OGC people from the 
department.   I told the story (via questions from Bill) about my dealings with multiple 
administrations.
After the session 12:30 PM to 1:30 PM, Sylvia Burwell had asked to see me in her office.   
She had just come back from the White House.   She profusely thanked me and the NIH 
team for all we are doing with Preston and with the vaccine trials.   Apparently Tom 
Frieden had told her that he did not want to CDC to “move into Guinea” because of the 
instability.   A bit puzzling since the CDC is already there.   We still plan to extend the 
RCT vaccine trial to Guinea.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 441 ---
439
Preston up and walking.   Unfortunately, despite 3 negative CT’s for blood, he reverted 
(after one negative) to positive in his left axilla sweat/skin.
April 3, 2015 – Preston doing great.  Dilemma is the persistently weakly + PCR of 
axillary sweat.   Has resting tachycardia that might be subclinical cardiomyopathy.   Has 
been seen in other recovered patients in the USA (Emory/Nebraska).
Gregg Gonsalves (old ACT-UP and TAG) who is now a Ph.D. student at Yale has 
brought to NIH (7A-24) a few (three) Yale students to interview me on a piece that they 
are writing on the issues with unnecessary quarantine of people working with Ebola.   
They are interviewing me because of the stand that I took in opposition of Gov. Cuomo 
and Christie a few months ago.
April 5, 2015 (Easter Sunday) – CBS ran their Sunday AM special profile of me in a Q 
and A with Scott Simon (NPR).   It turned out magnificently.   I received scores and 
scores of e-mails of congratulations, many-fold more than even when I did 2 “Full 
Ginsberg’s” a few months ago.   E-mails from as diverse people as Gary Edson, Josh 
Bolton, Lisa Monaco (NSC), Catherine and Wayne Reynolds, old friends from NY 
Hospital, etc., etc.
Will have to make decision about doing a single PCR on Preston’s axilla and if negative, 
then stop testing rather than looking for 2 consecutive negatives.   This is unchartered 
waters, since he has already had multiple negative blood PCRs.
April 6, 2015 – Axillary sweat PCR now negative.   We will take him out of isolation 
tomorrow and have upgraded his condition from “fair” to “good”.   Plan to do MRI of 
heart (still has sinus tachycardia at rest) and brain and then discharge him sometime this 
week.
April 7, 2015 – Preston now out of isolation due to negative blood and axillary sweat.  
Preston’s semen specimen shows high level of PCR signal – 18 CT!   Clearly the semen 
is a privileged site for the virus since his blood has been consistently negative.
Preparations for extending the RCT vaccine trial to Guinea coming along.   Cliff doing 
yeoman’s work with the French (Yves Levy – INSERM and Jean Francois Delfraissy).   
French are intent on showing that they are taking the lead in this.  This relates to their 
traditional relationship with Guinea.
Will go to White House tomorrow to discuss with the POTUS and NSC  “getting to zero 
in Guinea”.
April 8, 2015 – Larry Kramer’s new book is out.  See review from the NY Times below 
and see yellow highlight:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 442 ---
440
Larry Kramer’s Novel ‘The American 
People’ Adds a Gay Dimension to History
By ALEXANDRA ALTER APRIL 7, 2015 
Photo 
Larry Kramer, the author of a hefty new novel (or, as he would have it, history) of the 
United States. He is working on a second volume. Credit Todd Heisler/The New York 
Times 
Fourteen years ago, the playwright and activist Larry Kramer was preparing to die. His 
liver was failing, and the prognosis was grave.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 443 ---
441
He summoned an old friend, Will Schwalbe, editor in chief of Hyperion Books, and made 
him the steward of his novel in progress, a rambling history of homosexuality and AIDS 
in the United States. He told Mr. Schwalbe to self-publish it if necessary, using money 
from Mr. Kramer’s estate.
It didn’t come to that. Mr. Kramer survived a liver transplant and finished the book, a 
project he had begun more than 30 years ago. Now, at 79 and against all odds and 
expectations, he has lived to see it published. The first volume, “The American People, 
Volume 1: Search for My Heart,” weighing in at 775 pages, comes out Tuesday from 
Farrar, Straus and Giroux. Mr. Kramer has already thrown himself into finishing the 
second volume, which is to come out in 2017.
“Larry lives to write,” said Mr. Schwalbe, who is now an executive vice president at 
Macmillan. “There’s no doubt in my mind that Larry’s writing is what keeps him alive.”
Photo 
Mr. Kramer, 79, defied the odds and lived to see the publication of “The American 
People.” Credit Todd Heisler/The New York Times 
“Magnum opus” doesn’t seem like a robust enough phrase to describe the scope of “The 
American People,” which stretches back to the prehistoric swamps of the Everglades and 
concludes, in the second volume, in contemporary New York City. When Farrar acquired 
the two volumes in 2010, the narrative had swelled to around 4,000 pages.
Blending farce and tragedy, autobiography and fiction, it opens as Fred Lemish, a stand-
in for Mr. Kramer, is struggling to finish writing a book titled “The American People,” a 
far-reaching historical exposé that describes Alexander Hamilton, George Washington, 
Abraham Lincoln, Mark Twain and other major historical figures as gay. “He’s been 
struggling with this history for many years,” Mr. Kramer writes of his fictional 
counterpart.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 444 ---
442
Mr. Kramer said he was driven to write the book because he had long felt that gays had 
been excluded from history books, written out or ignored. “Most history is written by 
straight people, and they don’t have gaydar,” Mr. Kramer said during an interview at his 
apartment in Greenwich Village. “People say, ‘Can you prove to me that George 
Washington was gay?’ and I say, ‘Can you prove to me that he wasn’t?’ ” (As evidence, 
Mr. Kramer notes that Washington “was surrounded by men, and he designed all their 
uniforms himself.”)
In the novel, and in conversation, Mr. Kramer criticizes historians and scholars like Stacy 
Schiff, Ron Chernow and Doris Kearns Goodwin for glossing over homosexuality in 
American history. If he had had his way, he would simply have called the book a work of 
history rather than fiction, he said.
“Farrar Straus said call it a novel, that way the lawyers will leave you alone,” he said. 
“But I believe everything in the book is true. It may look like fiction, but to me, it’s not.”
Mr. Chernow, the author of a well-regarded 2004 biography of Alexander Hamilton, said 
he was surprised to be called out in Mr. Kramer’s novel, particularly as he brings up in 
his book the possibility that Hamilton might have been bisexual. “I’m glad that Larry 
Kramer is raising the issue, I’m just mystified at why he’s attacking me, when I thought 
he would have applauded the fact that I take this seriously,” Mr. Chernow said. “It’s a 
legitimate issue for historians or novelists, but we also have to be careful not to ransack 
history in service of a political agenda.”
As for Mr. Kramer’s theory about Washington, Mr. Chernow countered that it was 
common in that era for generals to design soldiers’ uniforms. If conflicting early reviews 
are any indication, “The American People” is likely to be as polarizing and controversial 
as Mr. Kramer’s other works. While Kirkus Reviews praised the novel as “breathtakingly 
well-written,” others have taken a dimmer view. “To call it a rough read at times would 
be an understatement,” a reviewer wrote in Publishers Weekly.
“It’s like being hit by a truck, the book is so all over the place,” the novelist Andrew 
Holleran, who has known Mr. Kramer since the 1970s, said of the book. “What I admired 
as a writer was the imaginative energy and the amount he takes on.”
Jonathan Galassi, the president and publisher of Farrar, Straus and Giroux, said the book 
struck him as ambitious and provocative, both as a work of literature and as an act of 
protest.
“This book is, in a way, a culmination of all his artistic activity,” he said. “Larry is a great 
polemicist and a fighter, and this book is part of his polemic about gay history and the 
roles of gays in our society. He’s still fighting and he’s using art to do it.”
Mr. Kramer never set out to be a political activist and said that in some ways he was ill-
suited to the role. “They say I’m obnoxiously noisy and angry, but I’m actually a bit of a 
shy person,” he said.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 445 ---
443
Early in his career, Mr. Kramer wanted to write comedy. After graduating from Yale, he 
worked in the film industry, and was nominated for an Oscar for his screenplay 
adaptation of the D. H. Lawrence novel “Women in Love” (1969). In 1978 he published a 
controversial novel, “Faggots,” a satire of rampant drug use and promiscuity among gays 
in New York. “It’s meant to be a comic novel — it made me laugh,” he said.
His mission changed in the early 1980s, when H.I.V. and AIDS began spreading rapidly 
among gays and claimed the lives of two friends. He was a founder of the Gay Men’s 
Health Crisis, a nonprofit support organization for those affected by the disease, and later 
started Act Up, a protest group that brought attention to the AIDS crisis. His activism 
spilled into his writing, with plays like “The Normal Heart” and “The Destiny of Me,” 
which center on gay characters confronting the AIDS epidemic and take aim at 
indifferent politicians and institutions.
Mr. Kramer’s activism was closely and messily intertwined with his personal life. In 
1989, he learned he was H.I.V. positive and suffering from liver damage, the result of 
hepatitis B. He credits Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy 
and Infectious Diseases, for being among a handful of doctors who saved him by giving 
him experimental drugs. Mr. Kramer once vilified Dr. Fauci in print, calling him “an 
incompetent idiot” and a murderer, for his early approach to fighting the spread of AIDS. 
“The man who I criticize for allowing the virus to spread is the man who saved my life,” 
Mr. Kramer said.
Mr. Kramer’s acerbic and belligerent style has often alienated friends and supporters. He 
and the playwright Tony Kushner had a blowout over Mr. Kushner’s screenplay for the 
Steven Spielberg movie “Lincoln” (2012), because Mr. Kramer felt that Mr. Kushner 
should have depicted Lincoln as a gay man. “He and I had a major falling out over this,” 
Mr. Kramer said. “I so wanted him to put that in the movie.” (In “The American People,” 
Mr. Kramer strikes back with his own fictional Lincoln, who has a male lover and often 
lustily utters “mighty fine” after their encounters.)
These days, Mr. Kramer seems much less bellicose, though no less passionate. He speaks 
in a tremulous near-whisper and relies on a hearing aid and a cane. He spent much of last 
year in hospitals being treated for abdominal infections and almost died twice, he said. 
He was bedridden in 2013 when he and his longtime partner, the architect David 
Webster, were finally married in the intensive care unit of NYU Langone Medical 
Center.
Mr. Kramer’s writing has taken on a greater urgency lately. He has been writing for five 
or six hours every day, seven days a week. His progress is visible in the towering stacks 
of manuscript pages that cover a large table in his living room, which doubles as a work 
space. He is also working on a screenplay for a sequel to “The Normal Heart” and is the 
subject of an HBO documentary, “Larry Kramer: In Love and Anger,” which will be 
shown in June, just after his 80th birthday.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 446 ---
444
As he works toward finishing what he views as the defining work of his career, Mr. 
Kramer said he hoped to be remembered for his art as much as his activism.
“It goes against the grain in this country to do both, and that’s why I’m not taken 
seriously,” he said. “I want this book to be taken seriously as a work of art and a work of 
thought.”
A version of this article appears in print on April 8, 2015, on page C1 of the New York 
edition with the headline: The World According to Larry Kramer . 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
April 8, 2015 (Cont’d) – Cold, damp and drizzly day in DC.  Unseasonably cold (40s) 
for mid-April.   Went to White House Situation room for meeting at 1:50 to 2:50 PM with 
the POTUS and the NSC.  Purpose of meeting to discuss “getting to zero cases of Ebola 
in Guinea”.  Present at the meeting among many were Eric Holder, Gen. Martin 
Dempsey, Denis McDonough, Valerie Jarrett, Susan Rice, Samatha Powers (by 
teleconference), Tom Frieden (by teleconference), Amy Pope (new Ebola Response 
Coordinator, replacing Ron Klain), Gayle Smith, Lisa Monaco, etc.
I presented the recent information on the RCT for ZMapp.  We have enrolled 5 patients:  
Preston Gorman in the USA, I in Liberia and 3 in Sierra Leone.   I also updated on the 
Phase 2 RCT vaccine trial in Liberia.   As indicated above, we are planning to move the 
trial to Guinea in collaboration with the French, the Guineans, and the Liberians.   Tom 
Frieden is very anxious about this since he feels that it could go badly (suspicion on the 
part of Guineans that we are hurting them).   He called me up before the WH meeting 
strongly urging me not to pre-emptively bring up the possibility of expanding the trial to 
Guinea.   I agreed not to pre-emptively bring it up; however, if the subject does come up, 
I will say that we are considering this.   Nervous Tom was OK with this.   The POTUS 
looked very tired during the meeting and Tom, in his presentation, went on and on until 
the POTUS said: “OK, I get it”.
Will discharge Preston tomorrow.  Eye exam shows some uveitis and MRI of heart shows 
some residual cardiac dysfunction and MRI of CNS shows evidence of prior 
meningoencephalitis.
Looked at MRI of brain tonight with Avi Nath.   There are considerable abnormalities in 
the white matter and in the corpus callosum.  Considerably worse than what his 
neurological status would indicate.
Went over to see Preston tonight.  He is getting ready to go out to dinner in Bethesda 
with his parents.   Took a bunch of photos with us all together.  Leave tomorrow for 
Dallas. 
April 9, 2015 – Good day here at NIH.   We discharged Preston Gorman today.  A lot of 
warm emotion as many of the SCSU staff gathered with Preston and his parent in the 
SCSU nurses station to say goodbye.   Partners in Health paid for a chartered plane to 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 447 ---
445
take them back to Dallas, TX.   He could have flown commercial; however, we wanted to 
avoid the ignorant panic if anyone found out that he did so.
Very cold day here in Bethesda/DC.   Went doe to HHS to reception honoring retiring 
Deputy Secretary Bill Corr.   He was very pleased that I came down there.   Bill was 
Chief-of-Staff to Donna Shalala for 8 years and then 6 years with this administration as 
Deputy Secretary.   A fine man and excellent Public Servant.
Amazing thing happened to Dan Chertoff who has been a leading player in the care of 
Preston.   Dan wore himself out taking day call every day in the SCSU (as well as coming 
in at night during the crisis periods).   To make matters worse, his father passed away 
during all of this.   And so now that it is over, he took his wife Jessica and his child for a 
vacation in the Dominican Republic.   His went through all of the appropriate 
notifications of travel via our OMS, the State of Maryland, the CDC, and the embassy of 
Dominican Republic.   Somewhere along the way, someone, including the CDC, dropped 
the ball and did not inform him that the DR has a policy of not accepting people who 
have taken care of Ebola patients even though by our criteria, he is “low, but not zero 
risk” and so should have no travel restrictions.   Bottom line is that the DR kicked him 
out of DR soon after he landed.   They were waiting for his at his hotel and with 
apologies, put him and his family on a plane at their expense and sent him back to the 
USA.   Amazing bullshit!   Truly unbelievable how stupid they are and how incompetent 
were the people that should have warned Dan.
April 10, 2015 – Jack Whitescarver and Wendy Wertheimer sent in to Francis Collins 
their letter of resignation from the OAR.   Jack is 78 and wanted to stay until he reached 
80.   However, he and Francis have not been getting along since Francis feels that Jack 
has been too slow and non-specific in shifting the AIDS money to focus on the high 
priority areas such as vaccine, prevention, cure and co-morbidities.  The relationship has 
soured and so Jack feels that it is time to go.  I, myself, love Jack, but am not satisfied 
with how they are handling the re-distribution of the AIDS money.   Clearly there is too 
much AIDS money in NIDA and in NCI that is not being used for AIDS projects and to 
call it AIDS-related is a stretch.   We had a meeting in my library today with Larry 
Tabak, Wendy W. and Jack to discuss this issue.   I got pissed off at Wendy since she 
essentially accused me of saying (which I did not) that behavioral research grants were 
not good science.   That is not what I said.   I said that we were doing proportionately too 
much behavioral research out of NIDA and that the Congress (Rep Andy Harris R-MD et 
al) are trying to decrease the AIDS budget (see above) and we had better be spending it 
all on research that is high priority such as vaccine and cure; otherwise, they will have an 
excuse to cut the budget.   Larry Tabak is totally in my corner and even Jack admitted 
that he agreed.   However, the behavioralist community keeps pushing to do a lot of 
behavioral research.   Clearly, the studies might be sound, but they do not contribute to 
the end of the pandemic.   You can study behavior when it comes to AIDS; however, it 
has been very difficult to “change” behavior.
April 11, 2015 – Went to Reception/dinner at Jamie Gorelick (former assistant attorney 
general in Clinton Adm) and Rich Waldron’s home in Chevy Chase in honor of Roger 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 448 ---
446
Glass winning the Sabin Medal for developing a rotavirus vaccine.  Mostly NIH people 
and some of Roger’s old friends.
April 13, 2015 – Washington Nationals getting off to a very bad start.   Many errors and 
no hitting.   Also, their excellent pitching staff is getting blasted.
Went to Tyson’s Corner Ritz-Carlton at invitation of David Rubenstein (CEO of Carlyle 
Group) to talk to their annual meeting (~600 top CEO managers of Carlyle activities).   
Format was David interviewing me on Stage 1-on-1 right after lunch.   David obviously 
is very taken up by me and really likes me (likewise).   Remember, he tried to recruit me 
to Carlyle several years ago for $1 million flat salary plus commissions.   Many in the 
group said to me that I was the best invited speaker at any of the former annual meetings.   
Besides, they pay the others a handsome honorarium.
AAAS (new CEO Rush Holt) chose me to be one of a couple of people to give the 
laudation for Alan Leshner who is retiring as CEO of AAAS.   Very elegant function at 
the Women’s Museum of the Arts on New York Avenue and 12th Street, N.W.   Alan was 
very moved by my remarks.
April 15, 2014 – Testified at a House Appropriations Subcommittee Hearing at 10:00 
AM in Room 2358B of the Rayburn Building.   Topic was Ebola response.   I represented 
NIH.  Also testifying was Nicki Lurie (ASPR), Tom Frieden and Robin Robinson 
(BARDA).   I did well, but Nicki and Tom caught some criticism for the fact that the 
ETUs that they recommended got built and only 2 of 11 actually admitted a patient and of 
the 2 that admitted patients, only 25 patients were seen.   Criticism was the lack of 
flexibility to stop the building when it became clear that the epidemic was decreasing 
rapidly as they were building the ETUs.   Committee nevertheless complimented us on 
the Ebola response.   Rep. Harris (R-MD) was a bit snarky with Tom Frieden saying that 
his daughter is an ICU nurse at Hopkins and she does not know how to don PPE and that 
reflects a lack of planning on the part of the USG.   He is misguided.
Had disturbing meeting with Francis Collins, Larry Tabak, Jim Anderson, and Kathy 
Hudson in Building 1, Room 116 concerning the re-prioritization of the AIDS budget 
through OAR.   It is now clear that Francis not only wants to assure that the highest 
priority AID research is done with AIDS dollars, he actually wants to decrease the 
amount of money going for AIDS research and redirect it to non-AIDS, i.e. decrease the 
AIDS allocation.   He is using the review of the AIDS portfolio as an excuse for this.   I 
warned him that this is not a good idea and will be met with pushback from the 
community.   I also believe that Francis might be trying to ingratiate himself with the 
GOP since he may be covering his bets in case a Republican becomes POTUS and he 
wants to keep his job as NIH Director.   Just a thought.
April 17, 2015 – Had meeting at HHS in Room 305A in Humphrey Building with the 
Presidents of Liberia (Ellen Johnson Sirleaf), Sierra Leone (Ernest Koroma) and Guinea 
(Alpha Conde) to discuss the status of the Ebola outbreak.   Much good will with 
expressions of cooperation and collaboration.   The Presidents insisted (appropriately) 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 449 ---
447
that we cannot rest until the cases go to zero.   Also, they spoke of developing sustainable 
infrastructure that will be available for the next outbreak of Ebola or any other disease.   
President Koroma spoke of his desire to establish an African CDC.   I described for 
President Sirleaf the successful implementation of the RCT for vaccine (in Liberia) and 
the RCT for ZMapp (in Liberia and Sierra Leone).   She obviously already knew about 
this since we had briefed her previously and she knew that we were also helping to 
renovate clinics in Redemption Hospital and JFK Hospital in Monrovia.   Of note, when 
President Conde heard that we were doing these trials in Liberia he expressed (through a 
French translator) his strong desire for us to do such trials in Guinea.   Obviously, this is 
good news for Cliff who is trying to get around the nonsense of the Norwegians and 
WHO regarding their trying to stop us from doing the trial (see above).   Meeting ended 
very well.
April 19, 2015 (Sunday) – Was inducted in the Washington, D.C. Hall of Fame 
(Historical Society of the District of Columbia).   Category of Science and technology.   
Black tie affair at the Liason Hotel on New Jersey Avenue, N.W.   DC Mayor Muriel 
Bowser was present and ceremony MC’d by Former DC mayor Sharon Pratt.   Of note is 
fact that I was the only white person to be inducted (total of 12 inductees for various 
categories (arts, literature, law, business, etc.).   Also, of the approximately 300 people in 
the ballroom, except for one other person, Chris and I were the only white people – all 
were African-American.
April 21, 2015 – Pat White who now works for “ACT for NIH” got Chris and I invited to 
an affair at the Eisenhower Theater at the Kennedy Center.   It was an interview 
conducted on stage by Bob Shieffer (CBS Face the Nation) with Bill Clinton and Colin 
Powell.   The evening was MC’d by Norah O’Donnell (NBC).   Great interview.   Elegant 
dinner followed upstairs in the Atrium.   Had opportunity of nice conversations with 
President Clinton and especially Colin Powell who is always extremely friendly with me.   
Also chatted with Nancy Pelosi, Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy, Mack McCarty, Sen. 
Richard Durbin among others.   Really a fun evening.
During the day, met with Mike Gerson who is interested in partnering with a producer to 
make a documentary of the global response to HIV, concentrating on the PEPFAR story.   
And so he met with me in my office for 1 hour to discuss various aspects of the historical 
evolution of PEPFAR.
April 23, 2015 – Conference call with MSF (Joanne Liu and Sophie Delaunay), Tom 
Frieden and Cliff Lane about”BioBank” and study of specimens that had been stored 
from Ebola patients.   Interesting that MSF, who has never been interested in research 
and who often put down research since that focused on care now want to lead the effort.   
Joanne and Sophie are good people and this manifests the dichotomy and heterogeneity 
of MSF.   Many conflicts within their ranks.   Bottom line is that we agreed since we all 
are interested in this that we do the best possible science with true transparency and that 
above all, the data belong to the West Africans.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 450 ---
448
April 25, 2015 – Went with Chris to the Annual Garden Party at the Beall-Washington 
House at 2920 – R Street, N.W. that precedes the White House Correspondents’ Dinner 
tonight.   Usual DC scene of TV stars and Hollywood stars such as Michael Kelly from 
“House of Cards” among others.   Many people commented about my performance on 
TV during the Ebola crisis this past Fall.  The Brunch was sponsored by Steve and Jean 
Case, Tammy Haddad, Mark Ein, etc..
That evening went to WH Correspondents’s Dinner at the Washington Hilton on 
Connecticut Avenue and Florida Avenue.   Was guest of Tom Burton and the Wll Street 
Journal.   President Obama gave good comedy show followed by Saturday Night Live’s 
Cecily Johnson.  She was not particularly funny, but OK.
April 26, 2015 – Went to the Annual NAS Garden Party at NAS Headquarters on C 
Street and 22-23rd Street, N.W.   Usual scene of seeing old friends.  As always, great to 
see Max and Rosalie Cooper.
April 28, 2015 – Wonderful evening at the home of Ambassador Esther Coopersmith 
(2230 S Street, N.W.) who gave “A List” party in honor of Barbra Streisand who is a 
strong advocate of the Women’s Heart Alliance, an organization calling attention to the 
unrecognized burden of heart disease among women.   Beautiful DC Spring evening 
(magical) – perfect temperature, crystal clear sky.   I had the pleasure of spending much 
face-to-face time with Barbra.   She clearly knew who I was when introduced.  She knew 
the connection to Larry Kramer as she was supposed to produce “The Normal Heart” for 
Hollywood, but did not as it went to HBO.   I was seated directly across from her at a 
narrow table and right next to Esther Coopersmith, the hostess.   Amazing crowd with 
many politicians – Nita Lowy and Rosa DeLauro (who kept shouting me out in their 
remarks); Ed Markey who gave a short speech and said “Wow, what a party – I am sitting 
here with Tony Fauci!”; Sen John McCain, Chris Dodd, Lloyd Hand, James Brolin 
(Barbra’s husband and father of Josh Brolin), Kathleen Kennedy Townsend, Gary 
Gibbons (the only other NIH person), Catherine and Wayne Reynolds, Diane Rehm, 
henry Waxman, Irene Pollin, Anita Mcbride, Rima Al-Sabah, Sen. Franken, Debbie 
Dingel, and many other notables.   Barbra was amazingly nice – warm, sincere, funny, 
friendly.   I was surprised since Harold Varmus had told me that on a prior visit by 
Barbra to NIH when he was Director and I was not present, Harold said that Barbra was 
aloof and not friendly.   Totally opposite tonight.   You get the feeling you could really be 
her friend.
April 30, 2015 – testified before the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee with Francis 
Collins, Gary Gibbons, Tom Insel, Jon Lorsch, and Doug Lowy.   Committee now 
chaired by Roy Blount (R-MO).   Hearing went well.   Concomitantly with Hearing has 
been the drafting and revising of the 21 Century Cures Act developed by Fred Upton (R-
MN) and Diane DeGette (D-CO).   Clearly, Francis Collins (who denies it) had a lot to do 
with this since it authorizes (and appropriates – weird for an authorization committee) $2 
billion per year for 5 years to NIH Director to ONLY be spent on Precision Medicine, 
young investigators, and “other research” TBD.   This is a bad idea to earmark that much 
money in the NIH budget.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 451 ---
449
May 2, 2015 – Went to Children’s Inn Gala at the Ritz-Carlton at Tyson’s Corner.   Big 
shout out for me by the MC for my Ebola and other work.  
May 5, 2015 – Dedicated Building 4 today as the Lowell Weicker Building.   I gave the 
main laudatio and Lowell loved it as did his wife Claudia, who I knew from the old days 
when she was his staffer.   He divorced his wife to marry Claudia.   Nice ceremony 
attended by Sen. Tom Harkin, Rep. Dave Obey, Tim Schriver. 
Was visited today by Harry Jaffe the National Editor at The Washingtonian.   Harry 
wants very much for me to write a book.   Says he has been following my career and that 
I have a “couple of books in me”.   He wants to help as an editor, co-writer and/or agent.   
He has written several books himself, including the best seller “Dream City” about 
Marion Barry.
May 6, 2015 – Went to Detroit to receive honorary doctorate of LAWS from Wayne 
State Univerity.  President Roy Wilson whom I know from his years ta NIH and he was 
on the Search Committee that I co-chaired with Gary Gibbons for the Director of 
NIMHD.  Very nice trip.   Absolutely beautiful weather – 50-60 and bright sun.  Had 
very pleasant dinner in Roy spectacular apartment near Wayne State Univ.   Roy was 
born in Japan of African-American father (officer in Air Force) and Japanese mother.   
He is fit and handsome guy.   His apartment was a combination of modern American and 
Kyoto-like Japanese décor.   Really nice.
May 7, 2015 -  Received degree today from WSU.   On plane back, zsat behind an 
African American man and his wife/girlfriend.   He looked around 60 years old and in 
great shape.   I helped him open the upper luggage bin and our eyes met.   He looked 
straight at me and said with a big smile: “Did you dye your hair gray so that a young man 
like you would look more distinguished?”.   I told him that unfortunately it was age.   He 
asked me how old I was and I told him 74.   He smiled and said he was 69 and gave me a 
fist pump.   I noticed a massive diamond-studded ring on his finger.   He pointed to it and 
said: “Do you know what this is?”   I said no and he said it was a Hall of Fame Ring.   I 
looked at him and apologized and said I am very sorry, but I do not recognize you.   He 
said:   I am Lem Barney, Hall of Fame cornerback for the Detroit Lions from 1967 
through 1977, and you are that wonderful doctor who does so much for the world.   I told 
him how much I admired his play over so many years with the Lions.   We hugged and 
shook hands for a long time.   Wonderful encounter!
May 9, 2015 – Chris has been in Zimbabwe and South Africa for the past 2 weeks giving 
lectures on Ethics.   She wrote me a wonderful 30th Anniversary letter:
Dear Tony.docx
May 2015
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 452 ---
450
Dear Tony:
Happy 30th Anniversary!  Thank you for a wonderful 30 years. I have had a little time to reflect 
and so wanted to share some thoughts with you.
In my view, these have been 30 great years.  Thirty years seems like a long time, and yet I cannot 
imagine life without you. It has actually gone by pretty quickly.  We love each other and work 
and play together- all of which I hope will continue for many years to come.  We have three 
incredible kids, a comfortable and enjoyable life, and good health.  We can talk to each other 
about the mundane, the philosophical, the political, and the speculative.  We laugh and cry 
together.  We run and cook and even (lately) play tennis together. 
I am only one of many many who have great admiration and respect for all that you have done 
and continue to do. You have done remarkable things at work and made amazing contributions 
to science and to your country.  I hope that my support and encouragement have been helpful 
to you and that I have not interfered with your many successes.   
My hope is that over these following years we will find time to enjoy life as much as possible.  
There is so much to learn and do and see.  It would be fun to do it together. 
Thank you for being my lover, my friend, my advisor, my companion, my critic.  Thank you for 
putting up with the bags under my eyes and the weight of the world on my shoulders.  Thank 
you for being a great father and husband. 
I look forward to celebrating our anniversary together.
I love you.
Christine  
May 11, 2015 – Liberia now declared Ebola free (no cases in 42 days – double the 
maximum incubation period of 21 days.
May 12, 2015 – Preston Gorman is back today and yesterday for his follow-up visit.   I 
flew back from DDCF meeting early to catch him before he left hospital.   He came to 
my office with Rick Davey to say hello.   He looks great.   Feels good except for some 
easy fatiguing.   His brain MRI shows some improvement.   The CT on semen is now up 
to 27-29 from 18 previously.   Hence, virus clearing from semen.   Still on eye drops for 
Ebola uveitis.   Tears negative.
When he visited in my office in Building 31, we hugged and had a great conversation.   
He gave me a letter that was very moving.  Letter below:
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 453 ---
451
This is what makes it worthwhile!!
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 454 ---
452
May 14, 2015 - I am very disturbed by the situation regarding the conflict of principles 
between scientists (ourselves) and certain health officials in Europe concerning the 
conduct of randomized controlled clinical trials in the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. I 
am absolutely astounded by the lack of scientific rigor demonstrated by people like 
Jeremy Farrar the head of the Wellcome Trust and certain scientists at Oxford University 
including Peter Horby and Adrian Hill. I am also surprised that Peter Piot is also sharply 
criticizing any placebo-controlled trials particularly of drugs. We have considerable 
experience with HIV and in other arenas where the artificial show of compassion in a 
serious disease that results in wide distribution of unproven drugs leads to a double 
jeopardy of never proving that an intervention works or not, and more importantly misses 
the possibility that they are actually harming people. The British and as well as people at 
WHO and Doctors without Borders by taking somewhat of a self-righteous approach that 
any research done in the setting of an Ebola outbreak is unethical are actually hurting 
people.   The Oxford group actually covered up that several patients given open access to 
Brincidofavir died and they never reported it.   They said that the study was stopped 
because there were no more infections, when this was a blatant misrepresentation. There 
have been dueling criticisms in the press between our approach and theirs about this. A 
recent Wall Street Journal article by reporter Tom Burton analyzed this carefully and 
blasted the Europeans for giving out medicines in an open access manner while likely 
hurting people with drugs that have clear toxicity that have really no pre-clinical 
indication that they would work. In my mind Cliff Lane is a true hero in this as he is 
designed and implemented randomized controlled trials for vaccines in Liberia as well as 
controlled randomized trials without a placebo for certain drugs like ZMapp.
I am terribly disappointed with Tom Frieden who continues to insist that you cannot do a 
randomized controlled trial of the vaccine in countries like Guinea because this would 
interfere with the public health effort of getting the epidemic down to zero. Clearly, as 
well-meaning as he may be, he does not have a clue about how to design or implement a 
clinical trial. Again I am really very disappointed with him, with the WHO, with the 
Wellcome Trust, and with individual characters such as Jeremy Farrar and Marie-Paule 
Kieny at WHO. They really should be ashamed of themselves.
May 17, 2015 – Received honorary doctorate of Public Service from George Washington 
University in a beautiful ceremony on the National Mall right in front of the Washington 
Monument.   Commencement Speaker was Tim Cook, CEO of Apple.   At the ceremonial 
dinner the night before at the Corcoran Gallery of Art on 17th Street, N.W., a student 
member of the Board of Trustees got a piece of meat stuck in his throat and was choking.   
I did a Heimlich maneuver and dislodged the piece of steak.   Obviously, the crowd was 
delighted and gave me a big round of applause.  The next day (today) at the graduation 
ceremony, President Knapp mentioned this in his citation for my honorary doctorate.   It 
also got tweeted around.
May 19-21, 2015 -   Honorary doctorates at Columbia University in NYC (Doctor of 
Science) on May 20 and The Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore (Doctor of Humane 
Letters) on May 21.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 455 ---
453
Terrific trip and experiences.   Dinner on May 19 at the home of President Lee Bollinger 
of Columbia right at 116 and Amsterdam Avenue to salute and fest the honorary 
doctorate recipients.   I was asked to give (as were the others)  2-3 minute acceptance 
remarks.   I spoke about the need to not slack off, but to end the AIDS pandemic with the 
implementation of tools that we already have.  I mentioned that history will judge us 
harshly if we squander the opportunity to end this historic plague.   The best part of the 
evening was meeting and hearing about the other honorees:
Bill Campbell – former Chair of the Board of trustees.   Former Captain of the 1961 
Columbia football team that won the Ivy League title.   Much beloved person.  He has 
metastatic prostate cancer.
Milos Forman – Academy Award Director X2 for “One Flew over the Cuckoo’s Nest” 
and Amadeus”.   He was not there due to illness.
David Levering Lewis – I got to speak with him the most.   Famed historian who won 
multiple Pulitzer prizes (among other prizes) for his 1970 biography “W.E.B. DuBois: 
Biography of a Race. 1868-1919 and his 2001 follow-up biography “W.E.B. DuBois:  
The Fight for Equality and the American century, 1919-1963.   Light-skinned African-
American.   Extremely scholarly and charming.   I really liked him.   He introduced me to 
hi Agent and Editor – Robert Weil – who expressed interest in being my agent/editor for 
any book that I might write.
Albie Sachs – Historic hero of anti-Apartheid.   Lawyer who defended fighters in “The 
Struggle”.   Was exiled, and then survived a State-sponsored assassination attempt that 
blinded him in one eye and blow off his right arm.   After Apartheid ended, Nelson 
Mandela made him Head of the newly established Constitutional Court.
Theda Skocpol – Books on Obama presidency.   She was self-absorbed.
Andrea Elliott – received the University Medal for Excellence.   A multiple Pulitzer Prize 
winner.   Very young (42)  and attractive.   Writer for the NY Times.   Wrote series of 
article of “The Invisible Child” about a homeless girl in NYC and also wrote “An Imam 
in America” about an Imam in Brooklyn and the perceptions of Islam in the USA>
On May 20 we had the ceremony in the Columbia Quadrangle with the platform party of 
the steps of the Low Library.   The view and setting were spectacular.  Crisp, clear, cool 
and sunny day! I have many pictures in my files.  It was very moving. New York 
sparkled I thought of Megan, my father and Jenny who were graduates, particularly the 
unhappiness that Megan experienced.   Too bad, it is such a great university.
May 20, 21- Hopkins.   Had pre-ceremony dinner the night before (May 20) the 
Commencement at Nichols House, the home of President Ron Daniels.   I gave the same 
remarks as I did at Columbia.   At the reception was Senator Barbara Mikulski who said 
she came just to congratulate me.   The other honorees were very impressive also.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 456 ---
454
Elijah Cummings – Congressman from Baltimore gave very moving comments (in his 
wonderful preacher fashion) about the recent riots in Baltimore related to the police 
killing of Freddie Gray.  He spoke of his own growing up and still living in the 
neighborhood where the riots took place.  
Leon Fleisher – world renowned concert pianist.   He was wonderful and they showed a 
clip of his playing the piano.   He gave words of wisdom.   “Listen and do not be afraid of 
silence.”   Also, “Procrastination saves time”
Edwin Catmull, the CEO of Pixar Animation Studio.   Produced the first computer 
animated film “Toy Story” and also “Frozen”.   Has won 5 Academy Awards.
May 21, 2015 – Received the Special Recognition Award for Science and Medicine at 
the Sons of Italy Foundation Gala at the National Building Museum.   Phil Piccigallo 
gave a very nice and warm laudation of me with many old photos of me in different 
“historic” situations.   Also, met at the dinner;  Anita McBride (former chief-of-Staff to 
Laura Bush), General Ray Odierno and his wounded warrior son Anthony (arm blown off 
by an IED in IraQ).
May 26, 2015 – Gave an “Interview” talk with Joe Palca (NPR) at the Ripley Center of 
the Smithsonian.  Good crowd, good questions.
May 27, 2015 – Hosted 30 Staff members from the Senate Appropriations and Oversight 
committees at the Special Clinical Studies Unit (SCSU) at the Clinical Center where we 
took care of Nina Pham and Preston Gorman.   I did for them the complete donning and 
doffing procedure, which they absolutely loved.   Many questions.
Did a telebriefing for the release of the START study data (DSMB recommended 
stopping the study due to highly positive results).   Clearly starting ARVs at greater than 
500 CD4+ T cell count was much more beneficial (p <0.001) than waiting until counts 
drop to 350.   Got much attention.   Front page of NY Times with my picture in ONLINE 
version of Times.   Also the next night (May 28), I appeared with Judy Woodruff on the 
NewsHour.
May 28, 2015 – Went to UN to participate in Panel at ECOSOC Council (Economic and 
Social Council), chaired by Paul Farmer to discuss sustainable health systems in light of 
the Ebola outbreak.   Bill Clinton gave the Keynote and we shook hands and exchanged 
pleasantries.   On the panel with me was the actor Jeffrey Wright (“Angels in America”   
“Boardwalk Empire”.   He has won an Emmy, a Golden Globe and a Tony.   Very nice 
man.   Says that he has been a fan of mine for years.   He is working to improve the 
conditions of miners in Sierra Leone.
June 1, 2015 – Gave lecture at the Sulgrave Club on Dupont Circle.   Upper Crust old 
women’s club.   Quite charming and elegant Building between P and Massachusetts Ave, 
right on DuPont Circle.   Spoke on Ebola.   Adoring crowd.   Met John Quinnan with 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 457 ---
455
whom I did my first research project in the summer between my 1st and 2nd year at 
Cornell – the summer that I met Lynne Williams.
June 2, 2015 – Spoke with Doug brooks (ONAP) about setting up a meeting with him, 
me, Valeria Jarrett and Denis McDonough to discuss possibility of starting a PEPFAER 
for the USA to end the AIDS pandemic here.
June 3, 2015 – Chris and I went to function in the Mansfield Room of the US capitol as 
gusts of Wayne and Catherine Reynolds in one of their usual wonderful social events.   
They were honoring Congresswoman Debbie Dingel, Sens. Roy Blount, Thad Cochrane 
and Diane Feinstein for their contribution to the Arts.  I introduced Debbie Dingel.   
Great crowd.   I chatted with old friends Fred Hiatt of Washington Post, Rick Atkinson, 
Chris Matthews, Bob Barnett, etc.   Great evening.
June 5, 2015 – Things heating up with MERS in South Korea.   Now at 40 cases and 4 
deaths – largest outbreak outside of the Arabian Penisula.   Index case is a 68 year 
Korean man who travelled in the Arabian Penisula (KSA, Qatar, UAE, etc) came back to 
Korea was hospitalized and set off a chain of infections among people in same room and 
even on same ward as well as family members and HCWs.
I appeared on Wolf Blitzer (CNN) to discuss the situation.
June 6, 2015 – Steve Holland admitted a patient (25 year old woman from India) with 
XDR TB today.   NSC heard about it and as usual pushed the panic button and wanted us 
to provide a press statement and Qs and As.   We did and this triggered much press 
interest.
June 8, 2015 – Did my BSC presentations or LIR Overview and Immunopathogenesis 
Section accomplishments.   My primary reviewers were Arturo Casadevall and Larry 
Corey.   Review went extremely well.
Press interest now heating up for both MERS and the XDR patient here at NIH.
Did interview with Katty Kay for BBC on MERS.
June 9, 2015 = Did WTOP interview on MERS and XDR TB.   Also, for XDR TB did 
MSNBC with Andrea Mitchell, NBC Nightly News, CBS Nightly News and Telemundo 
TV, Channel 8 News, ABC Nightly News
Harold Varmus came back to Bethesda and visited with me.   He is doing fine at Weill-
Cornell.   Came down for a dinner with Francis Collins, Shirley Tilghman, Marc 
Kirschner, and Ron Daniels to discuss the systemic problems with the biomedical 
research enterprise related to the paper that Harold, bruce Alberts, Kirschner and 
Tilghman wrote in PNAS.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 458 ---
456
June 10, 2015 -   Long interview with me on XDR TB patient by Denise Grady appeared 
today in the NY Times.   Also, did FOX Channel 25 Local News this AM.
Got report from BSC and was told that “Outstanding” was not a sufficient adjective to 
describe how good my laboratory and my section was.   Praised my leadership and it was 
the first time that every single person in a given laboratory got “outstanding”.  Called the 
lab a “National Treasure”.
June 12, 2015 – Did Bloomberg TV on MERS, which is still going on in South Korea.   
Now up to 133 cases and 14 deaths.   We here at level of HHS are already having the 
usual conference calls of preparedness regarding development of therapeutics and 
vaccines.
June 15, 2015 – had dinner over my house with Eric Goosby and Chris – the now 
traditional sausage and rigatoni dinners that I have had with Eric, Harold Varmus, and 
Gary Nabel over the years.   Eric is in town for and IOM workshop.   He also is seeking 
my assistance in obtaining a grant from the DDCF and also NIH now that he is out of 
government and pursuing global health issues.  Of note, he has recently been appointed as 
the UN Secretary General’s Special Envoy for TB.
Tom Frieden is balking at supporting the proposal for the IOM Study on lessons learned 
in the Ebola response.   I will be supporting the study with NIAID funds.  Tom still is not 
really on the same page with me about what went on during the response.   He is still 
fixating on have the IOM study focus on “alternative clinical trial designs” instead of the 
RCT.  Also, he is still against Cliff trying to extend the RCT to Guinea.   Tom feels that 
the Guineans will react badly to a trial and be paranoid that we are trying to kill them.   
This conflicts with the fact that the WHO is already doing a ring vaccination (poor 
design) study in Guinea.   Anyway, conversation with Tom are still very cordial and I like 
him – just disagree with him sometimes.
June 16, 2015 - I am in the midst of preparing my talk for the International AIDS Society 
to take place in Vancouver. As usual I am taking this very seriously and doing multiple 
drafts.
Cliff Lane and I had a teleconference with individuals from Drs. Without Borders (MSF); 
in particular, we spoke with Sophie Delaunay along with Jennifer Cohen of MSF. The 
discussion was the interest on the part of MSF to be a major player in the development of 
a Biobank for specimens in West Africa related to the Ebola outbreak. Cliff and I are 
somewhat skeptical about this issue since MSF rarely, if ever, gets involved in 
biomedical research, and when they do, we have had concerns about their capability in 
this regard. CDC (Tom Frieden) agrees completely with us on this and has skepticism 
about their involvement.  They are a wonderful organization when it comes to taking care 
of patients; however, we have had some difficult experiences with their inability to really 
appreciate the importance of the scientific method when doing research.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 459 ---
457
Today I had the first meeting for the search committee for the director of the division of 
intramural research to replace Kathy Zoon.   The Committee is co-chaired by Cliff Lane 
and Gary Gibbons.
June 17, 2015 -  I gave a talk at the HPTN/IMPAACT meeting at the Crystal Gateway 
Marriott Hotel on Jefferson Davis Hwy. in Crystal City, Virginia. This was an important 
talk because I introduced to the investigators the difficulty that we are having now with 
certain members of Congress wanting to decrease the AIDS budget and even move 
money out of the AIDS bucket into other institutes. I showed the audience a C-SPAN clip 
of my debating with Senator Cassidy (R-Tea Party) from Louisiana where he was talking 
about matching allocation of funds with the number of disability adjusted life years  
(DALYs) in this country. If this approach were followed, it would have a serious negative 
impact on all global health research, particularly research on infectious diseases. I 
articulated well my objection to this. Some people have picked this up and put it on 
YouTube, and the clip has gone viral. In addition, I spoke to the group about future 
directions of focusing the AIDS research specifically on ending the epidemic so that 
ultimately we will not have to spend any money on AIDS.  This would be an important 
public health accomplishment, and it would silence the people who want to take money 
from AIDS prematurely before we have ended the AIDS epidemic. 
Tonight, I flew to Atlanta to participate in the Charles C Shepard Science Award 
Ceremony in Atlanta at the CDC headquarters.
June 19, 2015 -  I gave a lecture at the CDC on the subject of " Ending the HIV AIDS 
pandemic: From scientific advances to public health implementation". The lecture was 
extremely well accepted by the CDC community. I had time to chat with my dear friend 
Tom Frieden about a number of issues of mutual interest. I was shown around the 
absolutely beautiful new CDC campus that I had not been on for several years. The 
campus has been completely transformed by beautiful, architecturally creative buildings. 
It is very clear that I am highly respected and revered by the CDC community. Tom 
introduced mew as a “living legend”.   It was a great visit that I enjoy very much and it 
cemented my relationship with our colleagues at the CDC.
June 20, 2015 -  I viewed the preview of the soon to be shown on HBO documentary on 
Larry Kramer entitled “Larry Kramer: In Love and Anger”. It was played at the Naval 
Heritage Center on 701 Pennsylvania Ave. NW. The documentary is a moving story of 
Larry Kramer's complicated life. I was prominently featured in the documentary 
interacting on multiple occasions with Larry.
June 22, 2015  - I gave a lecture at Georgetown University O’Neill Institute at the Law 
School on New Jersey Avenue, NW Summer Program on Infectious Diseases and the 
Law. Again very well received by the group there.
We are in the middle of an extraordinary heat wave now in Washington DC with 
temperatures reaching 95- 100° with sunny skies during the day and massive 
thunderstorms at night.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 460 ---
458
June 23, 2015 -  I had a very nice breakfast meeting at the American City Diner with Bill 
Schultz who is the general counsel for the Department of Health and Human Services. I 
met with Bill at the suggestion of Pulitzer Prize winning author and close friend of mine 
Rick Atkinson. Rick was concerned if I got involved with Don Fehr, who offered to be an 
unofficial agent for me and read over my manuscript as well as tell me how to write a 
book proposal for an editor, that this informal arrangement could spell out to the a legal 
issue later.  This arrangement might also be something that is frowned upon by the 
department. And so Rick recommended that I meet with Bill and get his legal advice. My 
meeting with Bill was terrific. He was extremely encouraging to me about writing my 
book. He agreed with Rick that I should hold off making even any informal arrangements 
with anyone and I should just go ahead and continue to write my chapters and when I am 
ready to leave the government to then put together my proposal and “shop” it around to 
different publishers and agents. I will take his advice and go that way.
This evening I gave a presentation to the AIDS Clinical Trials Group (ACTG) annual 
meeting at the Renaissance Hotel Downtown at 999 – 9th Street Northwest. The talk was 
very similar to what I gave to the HPTN/IMPAACT group.
June 24, 2015 -  I participated with the NIH and CDC team here at NIH in Wilson Hall 
of Building 1 as well as in Room 151 in the meeting with the Vice Premier of China Jiu 
Yandong.  The meeting was hosted by Sylvia Burwell (Sec., HHS).  I presented a talk on 
the role of NIH in the response to the Ebola Outbreak.   I interacted with several of my 
Chinese colleagues including the Director of the Chinese CDC.   An agenda of the 
meeting is given in the PDF below:
draft agenda.pdf
June 25 – June 27, 2015 -  I travel to Aspen, Colorado to be a participant in the 2015 
Aspen Ideas Festival, Spotlight health. It was a most enjoyable experience as I attended 
several of the panels on areas that were of my own interest and expertise, and even some 
areas that are not my areas of expertise. With regard to my direct participation, on the 
morning of Friday, June 26 , I participated in a “Tutorial Session” which was a panel on 
the topic of “Be Preared: Infectious diseases are here to stay”. On the panel with me were 
Larry Brilliant, Neeraj Mistry, and Storn Kabuluzi of Malawi.  The Panel was chaired by 
Judy Woodruff of The NewsHour (PBS). Judy is an old friend and it was a very lively 
panel. An added plus for the experience was that I finally got to meet Larry Brilliant who 
is one of the icons of global health, having participated actively in the eradication of polio 
from India during his time at WHO. He is the kind of person who I think could be a really 
good friend. He obviously has an incredible amount of respect for me. The panels that I 
enjoyed watching were the health and Healthcare session on the morning of June 26, 
which was a breakfast session right before my session. The speakers with Tom Daschle, 
Henry Waxman, Bill Frist and the panel was chaired by Steve Clemons, Editor-at-Large 
for Atlantic magazine. It was a most joyful time for so many of us in Aspen because the 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 461 ---
459
Supreme Court had voted by 6 to 3 to uphold the Affordable Care Act and the tax credit 
for those who live in states that do not have their own exchanges. In addition, the 
following day the Supreme Court ruled by 5 to 4 to strike down the prohibition on gay 
marriage. The Obama administration has had an amazing couple of days. 
On Friday evening of June 26 it was a wonderful reception at the home of Gail and Al 
Engelberg who live on a beautiful mansion overlooking the mountains of Aspen and 
Aspen Valley. The reception was in honor of former secretaries of Health and Human 
Services. These included David Matthews, Kathleen Sebelius, Donna Shalala, Tommy 
Thompson.  It was great to see Tommy Thompson again as well as all of the others. Of 
note Donna Shalala wanted to talk to me in her new capacity as the CEO of the Clinton 
Foundation.  Apparently Chelsea Clinton had been approached by people from MSF and 
WHO to help fund the controversial “ring vaccination” study of the Ebola vaccine that 
they are conducting in Guinea. As I had mentioned, both Cliff and I feel that this is a 
flawed study since it has no control group. Donna wanted to know whether the Clinton 
Foundation should get involved. I recommend strongly to her that they do not support 
this study and if, in fact, Chelsea Clinton feels that she wants to support it, then it is 
importantfor the Clinton Foundation to get an outside group to look seriously at the 
design of the study, which I have a lot of trouble with, as well as to examine the data that 
is a ready been collected. Donna thanked me for :”Covering my back as you always do”.
The reception was idyllic in that views were breathtaking, the skies were crystal clear and 
the weather was warm without any humidity. I met many wonderful people at the 
reception including a nice conversation with my old friend Ashley Judd, who looked 
absolutely beautiful. She complimented me on “how great I looked”  and on the 
important work that I have been doing for so long. She was with a little dog and was 
barefoot. She is an amazing looking woman and a really devoted global health advocate. 
She was there to talk about her reflections on global health on the following day. One of 
the people I ran into who was very complimentary was a Zoe Baird, who called me the 
epitome of the true public servant. She said that I was incomparable in what I have done 
over so many years for the people of the country in the world. It was a very moving and 
sincere compliment to me. The following day on Saturday, June 27,  I participated in a 
panel on the “Looming Antibiotic Crisis”.  On the panel with me was Peggy Hamburg 
and Ramanan Laximinarayan, who heads the Global Network for Neglected Tropical 
Diseases.   He is a terrific guy with whom I had the opportunity to fly back to Denver 
with that same morning. All in all it was one of the best trips that I had taken in that the 
atmosphere was beautiful, the social interactions were in extremely positive, and I got the 
opportunity to do my thing in front of a lot of important people who have also become 
over the years good friends.
June 29, 2015 - I had two interesting encounters today by telephone with very interesting 
people on very interesting subjects:
1) Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO and founder of Facebook was introduced to me a few 
weeks ago by e-mail by Susan Desmond Hellman, the current CEO of the Bill and 
Melinda Gates Global Foundation. We arranged to have a teleconference between 
Mark and me today to discuss the issue of Mark wanting to get involved in a 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 462 ---
460
philanthropic  way with promoting biomedical science. The call lasted one hour 
from 4 PM to 5 PM on an absolutely brilliantly beautiful day in Washington with 
clear skies and relatively no humidity(an unusual event in the summer in 
Washington). Mark was very engaging and we went over the multiple possible 
ways that he may contribute.  He asked probing, highly insightful questions about 
how we fund biomedical research through grants in the extramural program and 
by funding the investigators in the intramural program. He was very interested in 
the concept of funding projects versus funding people. We went over several 
models of how research is funded. We discussed the issue of creating an institute 
that is an infrastructure with walls like the Rockefeller University. We also 
discussed the possibility of an institution that makes grants like the Howard 
Hughes Medical Institute. He asked a lot of questions about the NIH and he 
wanted to continue the conversation at a later date after he thought a bit about 
what I had told him. I found him to be a very engaging, highly intelligent young 
man.
2) Gary Nabel, who is currently at Sanofi in Boston, called me on my cell phone to 
tell me that he had just been in California and had a conversation with Gov. Jerry 
Brown. The California State Assembly has put a Bill on the desk of Gov. Jerry 
Brown that would prohibit exemptions from vaccinations on religious and 
philosophical grounds. Gov. Brown had spoken to Gary when he was in 
California today about this since he finds this to be a difficult decision as to 
whether or not he should sign the bill.   Gary spoke to him about me and my 
knowledge of the subject and Gov. Brown gave Gary his cell phone number to 
give to me to have me call him. I did so and had about a half an hour conversation 
with Gov. Brown in which I explained to him the reasons why I feel that he 
should sign the bill prohibiting religious and philosophical exemptions from 
vaccinations in the state of California. He asked probing questions. We had a very 
good conversation and he thanked me heartily for giving him the time. Based on 
the discussion, I believe that he will sign the bill. We shall see.
The TedMed people got back to me and really like my draft.   They have made some 
suggestions that are easy.
June 30, 2015 – I must have been convincing to Gov. Brown yesterday – he signed into 
law the California vaccine legislation (see above).
July 1, 2015 – The California law has attracted some attention.   I appeared on CNN with 
Jake Tapper to discuss it.
July 2, 2015 - Today I appeared on the Diane Rehm Show where I did somewhat of a 
debate with Dr. Robert Sears, a pediatrician from California who was concerned about 
the law recently signed by Gov. Brown in California. On the show with me was Liz 
Szabo from the newspaper USA Today. In addition, there was a pediatrician who is an 
expert in parental response to vaccines for their children. Her name is Dr. Allison Kemp. 
The show went very well and it was clear that Dr. Sears misrepresented certain facts and 
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 463 ---
461
cherry-picked information for his own advantage. Following the interview, when I got 
back to my office, I received several e-mails telling me that I did a very nice job in being 
balanced in my approach.
There has been an additional case of Ebola in Liberia. A 17-year-old boy was found dead 
and was shown by PCR to have had Ebola. Since then, there has been an additional case 
or two. Therefore, we are concerned that this may be the beginning of another outbreak in 
Liberia and perhaps in other West African countries. 
Drew Faust, President of Harvard had e-mailed me a couple of days ago to ask me for 
suggestions for Dean of Harvard School of Public Health to replace Julio Frenk who had 
left to become President of University of Miami.   I gave her several names and then she 
responded this AM thanking me and telling me that she had just watched “Larry Kramer:   
In Love and Anger “ (HB0) and this was her comment to me:
  I spent the evening tonight watching the Larry Kramer HBO documentary in which you 
figure so prominently—and impressively.  The footage throughout is amazing, (I kept 
thinking what it would be like to have such a record of the Civil War…), and the story 
both tragic and triumphant.  I was powerfully struck by your comment towards the end 
about how Act Up permanently changed everything in how officials, the state and 
organized medicine deal with patient communities. The film will remain in my mind for a 
long time…
Very best, Drew
July 7, 2015 – Met with team from Gilead Sciences who presented data on their new 
compound GS 5734 that has impressive preclinicakl activity against Ebola.   They want 
our help in testing it in West Africa.   It is an RNA Polymerase with activity against 
MERS, and likely RSV, Chik, and others.   We will help them and do a trial in West 
Africa after we finish the ZMapp trial that is moving along well (47 subjects thus far) in 
Sierra Leone and soon in Guinea.   Infections persist in both countries.   Also, last week 
there was an infection in Liberia with 2 secondary cases.
The Gilead people were: Andrew Chang (Head of HIV Therapeutics & Development 
Operations; William Lee (Head of research); Howard Jaffe (Senior Advisor); and Tomas 
Cihlar (Head of Discovery Virology).
Also, Cliff is back from Guinea and it looks like (despite the continued objections of tom 
Frieden), we will expand the RCT Vaccine trial into Guinea where there are persistent 
cases.
Had diner tonight at Grapeseed restaurant in Bethesda with the BMGF people who are in 
town for our yearly joint gates/NIH meeting.   Francis Collins and I and Doug owy were 
the senior NIH people there and Trevor Mundel, Emilio Emini, Chris Carp, Chris Wilson 
were senior Gates people among others.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 464 ---
462
July 8, 2015 – Attended the joint NIH/Gates meeting at the Porter Neuroscience Building 
(Building 35A).  Had good discussions with the Gates people about Ebola response, 
discussing clinical trials for therapy and vaccine.  Peter Hull is a solid gates person (used 
to be with Novartis). 
Extremely muggy day in DC with intermittent showers. We have had heat followed by 
showers for many days in a row.
 
Visited the White House West Wing at 3:00 PM to meet with Doug Brooks and Valerie 
Jarrett.   Ran into Denis McDonough, Lisa Monaco and Jack Lew in the West Wing 
Lobby.   Purpose of meeting with Valerie was that I want to convince her to consider 
advising the POTUS to take on the potential legacy issue of ending HIV/AIDS in the 
USA.   I explained to Valerie the recent data on treatment as prevention, and the START 
study showing early ART is much better than delayed ART for the person getting treated 
(53% fewer events).   This complements the finding from HPTN-052 that early treatment 
is beneficial to the uninfected sexual partner since it decreases transmission from infected 
to uninfected partner by 96 percent.  Also, discussed the high efficacy of PrEP when 
taken regularly.   Valerie was very pleases with the meeting and said that she would help 
and bring it up to the POTUS.   I do not expect at all that there will be additional money 
for this.   As with the initiation of PEPFAR by me and the early conversations that I had 
in 2002 with Josh Bolton, I did not ask for anything for NIH; I actually said that the 
major implementer would likely be CDC, NAPO with me as the “thought leader” and 
advisor or consultant.   She asked Doug to put together a proposal, which Doug would 
run by me.
Before I went into the West Wing, Marie-Paul Kieny called me on my cell and informed 
me that the ring vaccination trial that WHO was conducting in Guinea has a positive 
result with 11 infections in the delayed ring and 0 infections in the immediate ring (P= 
0.043).   They will stop the study and they already are writing the paper to be published 
in Lancet.   Very interesting since Cliff and I have been insisting that the only real way to 
go with a vaccine trial is with an RCT with a placebo.   My feeling is that this is still the 
case.   However, if you have a vaccine that is close to 100 percent effective, it really does 
not matter if the trial design is suboptimal.  In any event, thank goodness we have a 
vaccine now for Ebola.   Issues now are how and where to deploy it.   The vaccine is the 
VSV from New Link/Merck.   Remember, we did the Phase 1 on this vaccine at the 
Clinical Center.
Also, Gloria Borger (CNN Chief DC Political Correspondent) called me up for help.  She 
has been followed at NIH for Hypereosinophilic Syndrome by Amy Klion.   It has 
evolved into Multiple Myeloma and she is being treated at Dana Farber by Ken 
Anderson.   She worked out a deal where she gets part of the treatment in Boston and 
much of it here at GW since she needs to be here for her TV responsibilities.   She is very 
frustrated with the lack of privacy in the “open clinic” at GW and asked me to help.   I 
put her in contact with Bill Dahut (Clinical Director, NCI) to see if we can give her the 
infusions of monoclonal antibodies here at NIH under the direction of Ken Anderson.
Released by Chairman Rand Paul
--- Page 465 ---
463
  
Released by Chairman Rand Paul