The Missing Tears

EARLY-ONSET TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME.
Before Trump took office, Dr. Fauci wrote he was "more and more concerned about even talking to the transition people

about being NIH Director since Trump is so unpredictable" (January 1-5, 2017). The day after the inauguration, he noted that

his wife marched against Trump in Washington and his daughters in Boston and San Francisco, and called the new President
"amaxingly [sic] unpresidential!" (January 21, 2017). By March, the White House staff were "a scary bunch" and "Trump and
his people are truly unscrupulous. This is outrageous!" (March 10-16, 2017). By 2019 he had a verdict: Trump "is acting more
and more bizarre. Should be impeached, but Dems are rightfully concerned that this will galvanize his base

(January 1-7, 2019).

PUBLIC PRAISE. PRIVATE DOUBTS.
When the World Health Organization declared its 2015 Ebola vaccine trial a 100% effective "breakthrough," Dr. Fauci privately
wrote of "multiple flaws in the design and the analysis of the data" and a "terribly flawed study design." He went on CNN,
BBC, and PBS anyway and told the New York Times the results were "very encouraging" and "impressive," noting in his diary
that he had given a "congratulatory comment" while "slipping in the fact that the data, strictly speaking, are not statistically
significant." His reasoning: "I am leaning heavily towards praise for the study. We cannot criticize the study since that is
exactly what the press is looking for and then they will create a tension between HHS and WHO. HHS is too stupid to realize

that" (July 31, 2015).

RANSOMWARE ATTACK WIPED HIS CONFIDENTIAL FILES.

An entry from the summer of 2016 notes: "MISSING MATERIAL (Ransomware hack) ... will try to backfill." Dr. Fauci later

explained that his "entire unprotected folder" was encrypted and he "lost all of the letters that I have ever written as well as
other important documents." The folder was created for "the confidential files that I made right after the anthrax attacks
since I did not want them accessible to anyone." His verdict: "Bad idea!!!" (July 22, 2016).

"I CANNOT SEE WHY THIS IS SO SECRET."
After being shown Senate Intelligence Committee documents on agents that induce cytokine storms "for which we have no
countermeasures," Dr. Fauci noted that chasing every bioterror threat meant "fighting windmills" (November 22, 2017). After
a "highest top secret level" classified discussion that China was "stealing our technologies for Ebola vaccines and therapies,"
he wrote: "I cannot see why this is so secret. This stuff is in the literature and in clinicaltrials.gov" (January 16, 2019).
Presented with "believable intell" on foreign bioterror programs, he wrote: "I have heard this story multiple times over
the years .... and they have never panned out" (March 26, 2019). Weeks before news of the COVID-19 outbreak went public,
the National Security Council summoned him to the SCIF because of his "knowledge and standing and because I am Tony

Fauci" (December 6, 2019).

"BIG CHINESE VISITOR DAY."

Dr. Fauci hosted China CDC Director General George Gao at NIH ("Very smart and nice guy. Almost recruited to the VRC many

years ago"), then met China's Vice Premier, Health Minister, and the head of the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences at
CSIS: "I gave brief description of activities of NIH in collaboration with Chinese" (September 27, 2017).

NOT JUST THE SCHEDULER

Patricia Conrad, Dr. Fauci's long-time special assistant, was not just keeping his calendar; she also attended high-level

meetings with him. She joined Dr. Fauci in the Dirksen office of Senator Richard Burr, then Chairman of the Senate
Intelligence Committee, alongside ASPR Nicki Lurie, BARDA chief Richard Hatchett, Bob Kadlec, and Burr's chief staffer, as
the Senator vented that he created BARDA and "now every time there is a global health emergency, we ask for emergency
funds," and that the administration was "trying to steal from the BioShield account" (April 28, 2016).
