CHAIRMAN RAND PAUL, M.D.
U.S. SENATE COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY & GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS

Only:
Eyes
For Tony's
10
CAUTION
31 OHA/AM
HAMAZARD
Tony's Diary: The Prequel
Before COVID made him a household name, Dr. Anthony Fauci was already writing it all down. Read Dr.
Fauci's own recollection of events from 2001 to 2015, in which he documents his role in creating the federal
biodefense complex and his access to the classified world that drove it.

He knew the public wasn't getting the truth about anthrax. During the 2001 attacks, a scientist at the
Army's infectious disease laboratory told Fauci the anthrax sent to Senator Daschle was weaponized - better, he said,
than any bioweapon of anthrax the United States had ever made. Days later the head of the Office of Homeland
Security went on television and said he'd been told it was "garden-variety." Fauci wrote that he "was floored," and that

"someone is intentionally not telling Gov. Ridge the truth or he is masking the truth." He mentioned it to two HHS
officials, hinted at it to NBC's Tim Russert and Senators Lieberman and McCain, and predicted "there will be hell to pay

when the American public realizes that they have not been dealt with in a totally open manner."

99
He asked Vice President Dick Cheney for "DARPA-like powers." When Cheney asked what authorities he
needed to run
biodefense at NIAID, Fauci's list included sole-source contracting, rapid grants, and "DARPA-like
powers." He then briefed the Vice President on what he called "Project Bioshield (I made up the name)." Part of what
was driving that buildup, by his own account, was "CIA intelligence that Iraq has smallpox"
the basis for plans to

vaccinate as many as 10 million Americans.

He wasn't impressed by CIA. At a Top Secret White House meeting in 2008 on drug- and vaccine-resistant
anthrax, Fauci wrote that CIA briefers delivered "vague, soft and even embarrassingly bad intelligence" of the kind he
had sat through "several times before." His private conclusion: "One gets a very bad impression of the quality of our

intelligence based on meetings such as this."

The voluntary" moratorium wasn't voluntary. In 2012, with data from Ron Fouchier's lab leaking out and the
White House asking whether to cut off his money, Fauci worried that "outside (non-scientific) influences would force US
to... stop funding these flu projects." So he reached Fouchier at his home in the Netherlands at 10:30 at night and
warned that if the scientists didn't pause on their own, "the security people" would force a defunding. Fouchier folded
the next morning. The world was told scientists had policed themselves.

A transparency meeting came
with a gag
order. To get around export-control law, HHS got scientific journals to
claim they intended to publish without restriction. Fauci knew better: "Some subterfuge has gone on," he wrote, and
later, "I expressed my concern that this was not entirely honest, but it went ahead anyway." Days later, at the White

House's request, he was sent to ask Fouchier to conceal a key finding from a WHO meeting Fauci himself had pushed
for in order to make the process more open. "Now here I am (very uncomfortably) asking Ron to voluntarily withhold" it.

The White House wanted the biosecurity board quiet until after the election. Heidi Avery
- deputy to
John Brennan on the National Security Staff - told Fauci she wanted no pronouncement from the National Science
Advisory Board for Biosecurity on what dangerous flu research should be permitted "BEFORE THE NOV.6
ELECTION." Those are Fauci's capital letters. He recorded that he understood, and that he now had to decide whether
to cancel the board's October meeting outright. Of Avery he wrote: "I love Heidi; she iS a tough CIA operative."

What he wrote privately...

Fauci proposed the 2012 research moratorium himself, to keep
security officials from cutting off the funding, and pressured a
reluctant Dutch scientist into announcing it: "I took the bull by

the horns."
What he said publick...

He and NIH Director Francis Collins put out a

statement "applauding their decision" - presenting
the pause as something the scientists had chosen on

their own.
